.so ../man5/.suds_man_macros
.TH ATOD 3S  "18 July 1988" "suds \*v" "SUDS SUBROUTINE"

.SH NAME
atod_open, atod_settime, atod_incrtime, atod_geterr, atod_reset \- contol analog-to-digital converter
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B 
.nf
int atod_open(device,ms_sample,numchan)
	char *device;
	int ms_sample, numchan;
int atod_settime(atod_fd,day,hour,min,seconds)
	int atod_fd,day,hour,min,seconds;
int atod_incrtime(atod_fd,milliseconds)
int atod_fd,milliseconds;
	int atod_geterr(atod_fd)
	int atod_fd;
int atod_reset(atod_fd)
	int atod_fd;
.SH DESCRIPTION
These routines provide the software interface to the Cutler Digital Design (CDD)
Data Sampler. 
.I atod_open
opens and initializes the atod with the pathname given by
.I device,
typically
.B /dev/rst1,
and returns an integer file descriptor,
.I atod_fd,
used in the other subroutines. 
.I atod_open
checks the byte order on the host machine and adjusts
the CDD atod accordingly. The year is initialized in the atod
with the last digit of the current year in the host machine's clock. The
.I ms_sample,
milliseconds per sample, may be any value such that the total throughput
of the atod is 25,600 samples per second or less. Thus for 256 channels
.I ms_sample
may be
.B 10
or larger, for 128 channels
.I ms_sample
may be
.B 5
or larger, and for 16 channels (the minimum number of channels)
.I ms_sample
may be
.B 1
or larger.
.I numchan
is the number of individual channels of data to be collected and may be
any number from 1 to the maximum number of input channels installed in the
Data Sampler. Since the Data Sampler digitizes in units of 16 channels, 
this number is rounded up to the next multiple of 16 by the software.
.LP
.I atod_settime
sets the internal clock in the Data Sampler. If day is a negative number,
the internal clock is disabled.
.I atod_settime 
returns
.B 1
if the time specified is impossible, such as a day of 34 or hour of 25,
returns
.B 4
if the atod buffer is overflowed, although the time will still be reset, and
returns
.B 0
if there are no errors.
.LP
.I atod_incrtime 
changes the internal clock by 
.I milliseconds,
which may be positive or negative.
.I atod_incrtime 
returns 
.B 4
or
.B 0
as discussed above.
.LP
.I atod_reset
clears the buffer in the Data Sampler and resets the digitizing process but
leaves sample-rate, time, and other constants unchanged.
.LP
.I atod_geterr
returns the error code from the Data Sampler. When an I/O error occurs the
Data Sampler sends a message to the host machine that an error occurred.
The host machine then asks the sampler for the error number and stores the value
of the error in the driver software.
.I atod_geterr
returns this error value and resets the value to 
.B 0
so that a second call will return
.B 0.
Other return values are
.B 4 
meaning the atod's buffer overflowed and
.B 5
meaning an illegal command was sent to the atod.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
These routines use
.B st_error(3s)
to report errors and call
.B die,
which you must provide, after fatal errors. 
.SH SEE ALSO
cdd(1s), plotatod(1s), st_error(3s)
.SH BUGS
The maximum throughput rate of 25,600 samples per second may not be
attainable on a continuous basis on a SUN 3/50, depending on the
use of the SCSI bus by other peripherals such as the disk and
tape drive. Digitization of 32 stations at 100 samples per second uses
less than 10% of the system resources.
.SH AUTHOR
Peter L. Ward, U.S. Geological Survey, Menlo Park, Ca. 94025
