.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH ST_BEGIN_TRANS 2  "2 March 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS SUBROUTINE"
.SH NAME
st_begin_trans \- mark the beginning of a database transaction
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.ft B
#include <suds/suds.h>
.LP
.ft B
INT4 st_begin_trans(CHAR *trans_id, SUDS_STREAM *output_stream);
.ft R
.SH FORTRAN_SYNOPSIS
.LP
.ft B
integer*4 st_begin_trans
.br
function st_begin_trans(trans_id,output_stream)
.br
	integer*4 output_stream
	character*(*) trans_id
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Any set of SUDS structures and accompanying data can be grouped into a
\fItransaction\fR for entry into a database.  The database management
system (DBMS) guarantees that either all members of a transaction are
stored, or none of them are stored.  By this means, transactions can used
to assure that data within a database remains logically consistent.
.LP
The \fBst_begin_trans\fR call is ignored, and SUCCESSFUL is returned, if
\fIoutput_stream\fR is a file.  If \fIoutput_stream\fR is a database the
\fBst_begin_transaction\fR call tells the DBMS that until further notice
(see \fBst_end_trans\fR, \fBst_abort_trans\fR) all \fBst_put\fRs to
\fIoutput_stream\fR are members of the transaction.
.LP
trans_id is a string that identifies this transaction.  Some databases
write this string in the transaction log file.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
st_abort_trans(2), st_put(2), st_end_trans(2)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Returns SUCCESSFUL or FAILED.  Errors are reported by st_error(2).
.SH AUTHOR
Mark Anderson, Geophysical Institute, University of Alaska, 
Fairbanks, AK 99701 and Peter L. Ward, U.S. Geological Survey, Menlo Park, CA 94025
