.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH ST_DELETE 2 "2 March 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS SUBROUTINE"
.SH NAME
st_delete \- delete a SUDS structure from a database SUDS stream
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.ft B
#include <suds/suds.h>
.LP
.ft B
INT4 st_delete(GENPTR suds_structure_ptr, SUDS_STREAM *suds_stream);
.LP
.ft R
.SH FORTRAN_SYNOPSIS
.LP
.ft B
integer*4 st_delete
.br
function st_delete(suds_stream)
.br
	integer*4 suds_stream
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Delete from a database the structure with the same primary key as that referenced by \fIsuds_structure_ptr\fR.  Any data associated with the
target structure is also deleted.
.PP
A request to delete one structure from a database management system
(DBMS) may cause zero, one, or many structures to be deleted.
Structures related to the target structure may restrict the deletion of
the target structure or they may be deleted along with it in order to
preserve logical consistency within the DBMS.  Relations are
specified by keys where each structure has a unique \fBprimary key\fR
and related structures contain \fBforeign keys\fR that refer to a
\fBprimary key\fR. The nature of this relation is specified in the
manual page in Chapter 5 describing each structure.  Each \fBforeign
key\fR has a deletion property specified as \fBdb_delete=string\fR
where the string is \fBrestrict, nullify, \fRor \fBdelete\fR.
.PP
Restrict means that the DBMS will not allow the target structure to be
deleted if its specific \fBprimary key\fR is referenced by at least one
\fBforeign key\fR in the database. Nullify means that before the target
structure is deleted, the DBMS nullifies all \fBforeign keys\fR
pointing to the target structure throughout the database.  Cascade
means that if \fBforeign keys\fR in other structures point to the
specific \fBprimary key\fR of the target structure, the DBMS will also
delete these other structures.
.PP
Because \fBst_delete\fR acts upon the underlying database rather than
directly upon \fIsuds_stream\fR, the effects of an \fBst_delete\fR will
not be visible until the next \fBst_command(2)\fR to \fIsuds_stream\fR
is issued.
.PP
If \fIsuds_stream\fR is a file, the \fBst_delete\fR is ignored and
SUCCESSFUL is returned.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
st_get(2), st_command(2)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Returns number of structures deleted or 0 if structure exists but can
not be deleted. Returns FAILED if structure does not exist or if the
user has only read access to \fIsuds_stream\fR.  Errors are reported by
st_error(2).
.SH AUTHOR
Mark Anderson, Geophysical Institute, University of Alaska, 
Fairbanks, AK 99701 and Peter L. Ward, U.S. Geological Survey, Menlo Park, CA 94025
