.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH ST_INTRO 2 "16 March 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS SUBROUTINE"
.SH NAME
st_intro \- standard IO package and other subroutines for accessing \fBSUDS\fR structures
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Section 3 of this manual describes subroutines that ease access to and
manipulation of \fBSUDS\fR structures. Programs using these subroutines
should be compiled with the \fB-lsuds\fR flag.
.PP
\fBSUDS\fR is built around streams of data where a stream is simply a
sequence of structures contained in a file, in a pipe, on a tape, as
output from an indexed database, etc.  The basic input and output
routines for reading and writing the structures are:
.sp 0.5
.br
.nf
.na
.ta 2.5i
.so ../../comp_man/iolib_names
.fi
.ad
.LP
These routines are designed to look like standard, buffered I/O except
that errors are handled using \fBst_error\fR.  Fatal errors are
reported and then call a user supplied subroutine \fBdie\fR which may
simply call \fBexit\fR or may also clear buffers, reset terminal
characteristics, etc. \fBPLEASE NOTE: your must define a routine called
die.\fR It may simply be \fB INT4 die(n) INT4 n; {exit(n)};\fR 
\fBst_error\fR provides an easy to use, general error handling capability
.PP
\fBWARNING:\fR Do not mix these routines with stdio(3s) or rawio(2)
routines for the same file at the same time. Follow \fBst_open\fP and
other routines with \fBst_close\fP before using \fBopen\fP or
\fBfopen\fP, and so forth.
.PP
Defaults for input and output can be set in the file \fBsuds.def\fR.
When \fBst_open(3)\fR is called for the first time, it looks for a file
with this name first in the present directory, then if not found it
looks in the effective user's home directory, then in the directory
specified by the environmental variable \fBSUDS_INCLUDE\fR, and if
still not found it looks finally in \fB/usr/include/suds\fR.
Each line in this file is expected to contain three strings.  The
only values presently allowed are
.br
	\fBwaveform_path domain path\fR
.br
where waveform_path is a key word, domain is the abbreviation for some
domain in the authorities code_list (See code_lists(6)), and path
is an absolute pathname to be prefaced to the pathname for waveform
files from this domain (See calc_pathname(2)).
.LP
Other subroutines for use with \fBSUDS\fR structures include:
.sp 0.5
.br
.nf
.na
.ta 1.8i 3.5i
.so ../../comp_man/function_names
.fi
.ad
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Mand of these subroutines return either SUCCESSFUL, FAILED, or IGNORED which are defined as follows:
.br
#define SUCCESSFUL	0
.br
#define FAILED	(-2)
.br
#define IGNORED	(-9)
.br
Some return FOUND or NOTFOUND which are defined as follows:
.br
#define FOUND	(-7)
.br
#define NOTFOUND 	(-8)
.br
Some return EOF meaning end of file, which is defined in \fB<stdio.h>\fR
as (-1).
Test values often used include
.br
#define TRUE (1)
.br
#define FALSE (0)
.SH SEE ALSO
st_intro(1), st_intro(5)
.SH FILES
.LP
/usr/lib/libsuds.a
.SH AUTHOR
Peter L. Ward, U.S. Geological Survey, Menlo Park, CA 94025

