.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH ST_OPEN 2 "2 March 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS SUBROUTINE"
.SH NAME
st_open \- open a stream containing suds structures
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.ft B
.nf
#include <stdio.h>
SUDS_STREAM *st_open(CHAR *filename, CHAR *mode);
.fi
.ft R
.SH FORTRAN_SYNOPSIS
.ft B
.nf
integer*4 st_open
function st_open(filename, type)
	character*(*) filename, type
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBst_open\fR opens the \fIfilename\fR and associates a
\fBSUDS_STREAM\fR handle with it.  The \fIfilename\fR is assumed to be
a database name if it ends in ".db.  The first \fBst_open\fR call to a
database system performs all necessary login operations, using the
operating system effective username as the database username.  No
password is supplied to or expected by the database system.
.PP
In FORTRAN the return value is an integer, which is the address of the SUDS_STREAM structure.  This integer is simply for use in other 
functions such as \fBst_get, st_put, st_close\fR and should not be 
printed since its value is large and not particularly meaningful.
.LP
\fImode\fR is a character string having one of the following values:
.RS
.TP 10
\fBrb\fR
open for reading
.ns
.TP 10
\fBwb\fR
open for writing; if \fIio_stream\fR is a file, truncate the file if it
exists and create it if it does not exist.
.ns
.TP 10
\fBab\fR
append: open for writing if \fIfilename\fR is a database (same as \fIw\fR); open for writing at end of file, or create for writing, if \fIfilename\fR is a file.
.TP 10
\fBr+b\fR
open for reading and writing at beginning of an existing file.
.ns
.TP 10
\fBw+b\fR
open for reading and writing; if \fIio_stream\fR is a file, truncate
the file if it exists or create the file if it does not exist.
.ns
.TP 10
\fBa+b\fR
append: open for reading and writing if \fIfilename\fR is a database
(same as \fIw\fR); open for writing at end of file, or create for
writing, if \fIfilename\fR is a file.
.RE
.PP
\fBIMPORTANT: Use of the update option is dangerous.\fR  If you write
over an existing SUDS structure with a new structure that is longer or
shorter, the file will become unreadable.
.PP
The second or third letter of the modestring must be a
\fBb\fR for binary input or output.  On many computers, the default
mode is text, which means the end-of-line characters may be translated
on input to \fB\\n\fR and on output to whatever is standard on the
machine.  Thus if you are opening a file for reading or writing SUDS
structures, you must specify the binary default.  Actually to protect
from human falability, the \fBb\fR
is added by \fbst_open\fR if you leave it off.
.PP
.I st_open
may be called with \fIfilename\fR equal to \fB"stdin", "stdout", \fRor\fB "stderr"\fR
to allow easy specification of stdio defaults for files. It is not 
necessary to specifically open stdio streams.
.PP
Defaults for input and output can be set in the file \fBsuds.def\fR.
When \fBst_open(3)\fR is called for the first time, it looks for a file
with this name first in the present directory, then if not found it
looks in the effective user's home directory, then in the directory
specified by the environmental variable \fBSUDS_INCLUDE\fR, and if
still not found it looks finally in \fB/usr/include/suds\fR.  See \fBst_intro(3)\fR.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
fopen(3s),
st_close(2),
st_put(2), 
st_get(2) 
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
.IR st_open
returns a
.SM
.B NULL
pointer on failure. Errors are reported by
.IR st_error
and a user supplied subroutine called
.IR die(errno) 
is called (See
.IR st_error(3s)
).
.SH BUGS
In order to support the same number of open files as the system does,
.I st_open
must allocate additional memory for data structures using
.I malloc
when each file is opened.
This might confuse some programs which use their own memory allocators.
.SH AUTHOR
Mark Anderson, Geophysical Institute, University of Alaska, 
Fairbanks, AK 99701 and Peter L. Ward, U.S. Geological Survey, Menlo Park, CA 94025

