.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH CHANSET 5 "6 February 1994" "pc_suds" "PC_SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
chanset \- associate station/components into sets
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef	struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	INT2	type;
	INT2	entries;
	FIXED	len_netn_B;
	STRING	network[4];
	FIXED	len_set_nam_B;
	STRING	name[5];
	CHAR	pc_pad;
	PAD2	pad_C;
	ST_TIME	active;
	ST_TIME	inactive;
} PCSUDS_CHANSET;
.sp 0.5
#define PC_CHANSET		32L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Commonly used in PC-SUDS.  Associates station/components into sets.
This structure is followed by data consisting of \fBentries\fR
instances of \fBchansetentry(pc)\fR structures.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBtype\fI set type\fR
Set type; 0=single channel(s), 1=orthogonal vector.
.TP
\fBentries\fI entries in set\fR
Number of entries in set (these follow as data).
.BB
sets_data_length=true, default_value=0
.EB
.TP
\fBlen_netn_B\fI len network name\fR
.TP
\fBnetwork\fI network name\fR
.TP
\fBlen_set_nam_B\fI len set name\fR
.TP
\fBname\fI set name\fR
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBpc_pad\fI pc padding\fR
Padding inserted by 80x86 computers to align integers on an even
byte boundary.
.TP
\fBpad_C\fI padding\fR
.TP
\fBactive\fI active time\fR
Set is defined after this time.
.TP
\fBinactive\fI inactive time\fR
Set is not defined after this time.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
chansetentry(pc)
.SH AUTHOR
Robert Banfill, August 23, 1993.
