.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH DESCRIPTRACE 5 "28 June 1994" "pc_suds" "PC_SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
descriptrace \- descriptive information about a seismic trace
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef	struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	FIXED	len_netn_D;
	STRING	network[4];
	FIXED	len_st_nam_D;
	STRING	st_name[5];
	CODE1	component;
	CODE2	inst_type;
	PAD4	pad_D;
	MS_TIME	begintime;
	INT2	localtime;
	CODE1	datatype;
	CODE1	descriptor;
	INT2	digi_by;
	INT2	processed;
	INT4	data_length;
	FLOAT4	rate;
	FLOAT4	mindata;
	FLOAT4	maxdata;
	FLOAT4	avenoise;
	INT4	numclip;
	MS_TIME	time_correct;
	FLOAT4	rate_correct;
	PAD4	pad_V;
} PCSUDS_DESCRIPTRACE;
.sp 0.5
#define PC_DESCRIPTRACE	7L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Very commonly used in PC-SUDS.  Description of the properties of a
seismic trace or waveform that follows this structure in the form
of \fBdatatype\fR and the length of \fBlength\fR.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBlen_netn_D\fI len network name\fR
.TP
\fBnetwork\fI network name\fR
.TP
\fBlen_st_nam_D\fI len station name\fR
.TP
\fBst_name\fI station name\fR
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBcomponent\fI component\fR
.BB
codelist=comps
.EB
.TP
\fBinst_type\fI instrument type\fR
.BB
codelist=inst_type
.EB
.TP
\fBpad_D\fI padding\fR
.TP
\fBbegintime\fI initial sample time\fR
Time of first data sample.
.TP
\fBlocaltime\fI local time diff\fR
Minutes to add to GMT to get local time.
.TP
\fBdatatype\fI data type\fR
.BB
sets_data_type=true, codelist=datatyp
.EB
.TP
\fBdescriptor\fI data descriptor\fR
.BB
codelist=descript
.EB
.TP
\fBdigi_by\fI digitized by\fR
Agency code who digitized record.
.TP
\fBprocessed\fI processed by\fR
Processing done on this waveform.
.BB
codelist=stat_proc
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_length\fI number of samples\fR
Number of samples in trace.
.BB
sets_data_length=true
.EB
.TP
\fBrate\fI samples per second\fR
.TP
\fBmindata\fI minimum data value\fR
.TP
\fBmaxdata\fI maximum data value\fR
.TP
\fBavenoise\fI average noise\fR
Average value of first 200 samples.
.TP
\fBnumclip\fI num clipped samples\fR
Number of clipped datapoints.
.TP
\fBtime_correct\fI time correction\fR
Time correction to be added to begintime.
.TP
\fBrate_correct\fI rate correction\fR
Rate correction to be added to rate.
.TP
\fBpad_V\fI padding\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
