.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH EQUIPMENT 5 "6 February 1994" "pc_suds" "PC_SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
equipment \- equipment making up a station/component
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef	struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	FIXED	len_t_netw;
	STRING	t_network[4];
	FIXED	len_st_nam;
	STRING	t_st_name[5];
	CODE1	t_component;
	CODE2	t_inst_type;
	FIXED	len_p_netw;
	STRING	p_network[4];
	FIXED	len_p_st_nam;
	STRING	p_st_name[5];
	CODE1	p_component;
	CODE2	p_inst_type;
	FIXED	len_n_netw;
	STRING	n_network[4];
	FIXED	len_n_st_nam;
	STRING	n_st_name[5];
	CODE1	n_component;
	CODE2	n_inst_type;
	FIXED	len_serial;
	STRING	serial[8];
	CODE2	model;
	INT2	knob1;
	INT2	knob2;
	CODE2	reason;
	FLOAT4	frequency;
	ST_TIME	effective;
} PCSUDS_EQUIPMENT;
.sp 0.5
#define PC_EQUIPMENT	4L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Not commonly used in PC-SUDS.  Information about a piece of equipment and
what it is connected to.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBlen_t_netw\fI len network name\fR
.TP
\fBt_network\fI network name\fR
Network name for this station component.
.TP
\fBlen_st_nam\fI len station name\fR
.TP
\fBt_st_name\fI station name\fR
Station name for this station component.
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBt_component\fI component\fR
Component for this station component.
.BB
codelist=comps
.EB
.TP
\fBt_inst_type\fI instrument type\fR
Instrument type for this station component.
.BB
codelist=inst_type
.EB
.TP
\fBlen_p_netw\fI len network name\fR
.TP
\fBp_network\fI network name\fR
Network name for the previous station component.
.TP
\fBlen_p_st_nam\fI len station name\fR
.TP
\fBp_st_name\fI station name\fR
Station name for the previous station component.
.TP
\fBp_component\fI component\fR
Component for the previous station component.
.BB
codelist=comps
.EB
.TP
\fBp_inst_type\fI instrument type\fR
Instrument type for the previous station component.
.BB
codelist=inst_type
.EB
.TP
\fBlen_n_netw\fI len network name\fR
.TP
\fBn_network\fI network name\fR
Network name for the next station component.
.TP
\fBlen_n_st_nam\fI len station name\fR
.TP
\fBn_st_name\fI station name\fR
Station name for the next station component.
.TP
\fBn_component\fI component\fR
Component for the next station component.
.BB
codelist=comps
.EB
.TP
\fBn_inst_type\fI instrument type\fR
Instrument type for the next station component.
.BB
codelist=inst_type
.EB
.TP
\fBlen_serial\fI len serial\fR
.TP
\fBserial\fI serial number\fR
.TP
\fBmodel\fI equipment model\fR
.BB
codelist=equip_model
.EB
.TP
\fBknob1\fI knob 1 setting\fR
Knob setting or series resistor value of Lpad.
.TP
\fBknob2\fI knob 2 setting\fR
Knob setting or shunt resistor value of Lpad.
.TP
\fBreason\fI repair reason\fR
Reason change was made.
.BB
codelist=equip_reason
.EB
.TP
\fBfrequency\fI frequency\fR
Sensor corner frequency, vco frequency, transmitter frequency, etc.
.TP
\fBeffective\fI date effective\fR
Date/time these values became effective.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
