.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH EVENTSETTING 5 "6 February 1994" "pc_suds" "PC_SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
eventsetting \- settings for earthquake trigger system
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef	struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	FIXED	len_netnw;
	STRING	netwname[4];
	MS_TIME	beginttime;
	INT2	const1;
	INT2	const2;
	INT2	threshold;
	INT2	const3;
	FLOAT4	minduration;
	FLOAT4	maxduration;
	CODE1	algorithm;
	CHAR	spareK;
	INT2	spareI;
	PAD4	pad_J;
} PCSUDS_EVENTSETTING;
.sp 0.5
#define PC_EVENTSETTING	27L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Not commonly used in PC-SUDS.  Settings for an earthquake detection program.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBlen_netnw\fI len network name\fR
.TP
\fBnetwname\fI network name\fR
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBbeginttime\fI begin time\fR
Time these values in effect.
.TP
\fBconst1\fI constant 1\fR
.TP
\fBconst2\fI constant 2\fR
.TP
\fBthreshold\fI threshold\fR
.TP
\fBconst3\fI constant 3\fR
.TP
\fBminduration\fI min duration\fR
Minimum duration for event.
.TP
\fBmaxduration\fI max duration\fR
Maximum duration for event.
.TP
\fBalgorithm\fI algorithm\fR
Triggering algorithm: x=xdetect, m=mdetect, e=eqdetect.
.BB
codelist=algorith
.EB
.TP
\fBspareK\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBspareI\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBpad_J\fI padding\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
