.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH FEATURE 5 "28 March 1994" "pc_suds" "PC_SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
feature \- observed phase arrival time, amplitude, and period
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef	struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	FIXED	len_netn_E;
	STRING	network[4];
	FIXED	len_st_nam_E;
	STRING	st_name[5];
	CODE1	component;
	CODE2	inst_type;
	CODE2	obs_phase;
	CODE1	onset;
	CODE1	direction;
	INT2	sig_noise;
	CODE1	data_source;
	CODE1	tim_qual;
	CODE1	amp_qual;
	CODE1	ampunits;
	INT2	gain_range;
	MS_TIME	pick_time;
	FLOAT4	amplitude;
	FLOAT4	period;
	ST_TIME	time_of_pick;
	CODE2	pick_authority;
	INT2	pick_reader;
} PCSUDS_FEATURE;
.sp 0.5
#define PC_FEATURE		10L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Commonly used in PC-SUDS.  A feature such as a phase picked from a
waveform.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBlen_netn_E\fI len network name\fR
.TP
\fBnetwork\fI network name\fR
.TP
\fBlen_st_nam_E\fI len stat name\fR
.TP
\fBst_name\fI station name\fR
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBcomponent\fI component\fR
.BB
codelist=comps
.EB
.TP
\fBinst_type\fI instrument type\fR
.BB
codelist=inst_type
.EB
.TP
\fBobs_phase\fI observed phase\fR
Observed phase code.
.BB
codelist=feat_phase
.EB
.TP
\fBonset\fI onset type\fR
Wave onset descriptor, i or e.
.BB
codelist=onsetz
.EB
.TP
\fBdirection\fI first motion\fR
.BB
codelist=firstm
.EB
.TP
\fBsig_noise\fI signal to noise\fR
Ratio of amplitude of the first peak or trough to the noise.
.TP
\fBdata_source\fI data source\fR
.BB
codelist=datasrc
.EB
.TP
\fBtim_qual\fI timing quality\fR
Timing quality assigned by the analyst.
.BB
codelist=timequal
.EB
.TP
\fBamp_qual\fI amplitude quality\fR
Amplitude quality assigned by the analyst.
.BB
codelist=timequal
.EB
.TP
\fBampunits\fI amplitude units\fR
Units amplitude measured in.
.BB
codelist=ampunits
.EB
.TP
\fBgain_range\fI gain range\fR
1 or gain multiplier if gain range in effect.
.TP
\fBpick_time\fI phase time\fR
Phase time, x value where pick was made.
.TP
\fBamplitude\fI amplitude\fR
Peak-to-peak amplitude of phase.
.TP
\fBperiod\fI period\fR
Period of waveform measured.
.TP
\fBtime_of_pick\fI time picked\fR
Time this pick was made.
.TP
\fBpick_authority\fI organization picking\fR
Organization processing the data.
.BB
codelist=authority
.EB
.TP
\fBpick_reader\fI person picking\fR
Person processing the data.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
