.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH INSTRUMENT 5 "6 February 1994" "pc_suds" "PC_SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
instrument \- instrument hardware settings, mainly PADS related
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef	struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	FIXED	len_netn_F;
	STRING	network[4];
	FIXED	len_st_nam_F;
	STRING	st_name[5];
	CODE1	component;
	CODE2	inst_type;
	INT2	in_serial;
	INT2	comps;
	INT2	channel_num;
	CODE1	sens_type;
	CODE1	datatype;
	INT4	void_samp;
	FLOAT4	dig_con;
	FLOAT4	aa_corner;
	FLOAT4	aa_poles;
	FLOAT4	nat_freq;
	FLOAT4	damping;
	FLOAT4	mot_con;
	FLOAT4	gain;
	FLOAT4	local_x;
	FLOAT4	local_y;
	FLOAT4	local_z;
	ST_TIME	effective;
	FLOAT4	pre_event;
	INT2	trig_num;
	PAD2	pad_X;
	FIXED	len_study;
	STRING	study[6];
	INT2	sn_serial;
} PCSUDS_INSTRUMENT;
.sp 0.5
#define PC_INSTRUMENT	31L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Very commonly used in PC-SUDS.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBlen_netn_F\fI len net name\fR
.TP
\fBnetwork\fI network name\fR
.TP
\fBlen_st_nam_F\fI len stat name\fR
.TP
\fBst_name\fI station name\fR
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBcomponent\fI component\fR
.BB
codelist=comps
.EB
.TP
\fBinst_type\fI instrument type\fR
.BB
codelist=inst_type
.EB
.TP
\fBin_serial\fI serial number\fR
Instrument serial number.
.TP
\fBcomps\fI num components\fR
Number of components recorded by instrument.
.TP
\fBchannel_num\fI channel number\fR
Actual channel number on recorder.
.TP
\fBsens_type\fI sensor type\fR
.BB
codelist=sensor
.EB
.TP
\fBdatatype\fI data type\fR
.BB
codelist=datatyp
.EB
.TP
\fBvoid_samp\fI void value\fR
Invalid or void sample value.
.TP
\fBdig_con\fI digital counts\fR
Digitizing constant (counts / volt).
.TP
\fBaa_corner\fI alias corner\fR
Anti-alias filter corner frequency (Hz).
.TP
\fBaa_poles\fI alias poles\fR
Anti-alias filter poles.
.TP
\fBnat_freq\fI natural freq\fR
Transducer natural frequency (Hz).
.TP
\fBdamping\fI damping\fR
Transducer damping coefficient.
.TP
\fBmot_con\fI motor constant\fR
Transducer motion constant (volts / GMU).
.TP
\fBgain\fI gain\fR
Amplifier gain (dB).
.TP
\fBlocal_x\fI local X\fR
Local coordinate X (meters).
.TP
\fBlocal_y\fI local Y\fR
Local coordinate Y (meters).
.TP
\fBlocal_z\fI local Z\fR
Local coordinate Z (meters).
.TP
\fBeffective\fI time effective\fR
Time these setting took effect.
.TP
\fBpre_event\fI pre event time\fR
Pre-event length (IST+pre_event=trigger time) in seconds.
.TP
\fBtrig_num\fI trigger number\fR
Trigger number on instrument.
.TP
\fBpad_X\fI padding\fR
.TP
\fBlen_study\fI len study name\fR
.TP
\fBstudy\fI name of study\fR
Study name, used to insure unique station name.
.TP
\fBsn_serial\fI serial number\fR
Sensor serial number.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SH AUTHOR
Robert Banfill, January 1991
