.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH ORIGIN 5 "6 February 1994" "pc_suds" "PC_SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
origin \- information about a specific solution for a given event
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef	struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	INT4	number;
	INT2	authority;
	CHAR	version;
	CHAR	or_status;
	CHAR	preferred;
	CHAR	program;
	CHAR	depcontrl;
	CHAR	convergence;
	INT4	region;
	MS_TIME	orgtime;
	LATIT	or_lat;
	LONGIT	or_long;
	FLOAT4	depth;
	FLOAT4	err_horiz;
	FLOAT4	err_depth;
	FLOAT4	res_rms;
	FIXED	len_crustmod;
	STRING	crustmodel[6];
	INT2	gap;
	FLOAT4	nearstat;
	INT2	num_stats;
	INT2	rep_p;
	INT2	used_p;
	INT2	rep_s;
	INT2	used_s;
	INT2	mag_type;
	INT2	rep_m;
	INT2	used_m;
	FLOAT4	magnitude_val;
	FLOAT4	weight;
	FLOAT4	mag_rms;
	ST_TIME	effective;
} PCSUDS_ORIGIN;
.sp 0.5
#define PC_ORIGIN	 	14L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Very commonly used in PC-SUDS.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBnumber\fI event number\fR
Unique event number assigned by organization.
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority\fR
Organization processing the data.
.TP
\fBversion\fI version\fR
Version of solution within organization.
.TP
\fBor_status\fI processing status\fR
Processing status.
.TP
\fBpreferred\fI preferred sol\fR
.TP
\fBprogram\fI processing program\fR
Name of processing program.
.TP
\fBdepcontrl\fI depth control\fR
Depth control.
.TP
\fBconvergence\fI convergence\fR
hypocentral convergence.
.TP
\fBregion\fI region\fR
Geographic region code assigned locally.
.TP
\fBorgtime\fI origin time\fR
Origin time in GMT.
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBor_lat\fI latitude\fR
Origin latitude, north is plus.
.TP
\fBor_long\fI longitude\fR
Origin longitude, east is plus.
.TP
\fBdepth\fI depth\fR
Origin depth in kilometers, + down.
.TP
\fBerr_horiz\fI horizontal error\fR
Horizontal error in km.
.TP
\fBerr_depth\fI depth error\fR
Vertical error in km.
.TP
\fBres_rms\fI rms of residuals\fR
Root mean square of the residuals.
.TP
\fBlen_crustmod\fI len crustmodel\fR
.TP
\fBcrustmodel\fI name of crustmodel\fR
.TP
\fBgap\fI gap\fR
Azimuthal gap in degrees.
.TP
\fBnearstat\fI nearest station\fR
Distance in km to nearest station.
.TP
\fBnum_stats\fI number of stations\fR
Number of stations reporting phases.
.TP
\fBrep_p\fI P reported\fR
Number of p phases reported.
.TP
\fBused_p\fI P used\fR
Number of p times used in the solution.
.TP
\fBrep_s\fI S reported\fR
Number of s phases reported.
.TP
\fBused_s\fI S used\fR
Number of s times used in the solution.
.TP
\fBmag_type\fI magnitude type\fR
Magnitude type: coda,tau,xmag ml,mb,ms,mw.
.TP
\fBrep_m\fI mags reported\fR
Number of magnitude readings reported.
.TP
\fBused_m\fI mags used\fR
Number of magnitude readings used.
.TP
\fBmagnitude_val\fI magnitude\fR
.TP
\fBweight\fI weight\fR
Average magnitude weight.
.TP
\fBmag_rms\fI rms of magnitudes\fR
Rms of magnitudes.
.TP
\fBeffective\fI date calculated\fR
Time this solution was calculated.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
