.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH PC_CALIBRATION 5 "6 February 1994" "pc_suds" "PC_SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
pc_calibration \- calibration information for a station component
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef	struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	FIXED	len_netn_A;
	STRING	network[4];
	FIXED	len_st_nam_A;
	STRING	st_name[5];
	CODE1	component;
	CODE2	inst_type;
	FLOAT4	maxgain;
	FLOAT4	normaliz;
	ST_TIME	begint;
	ST_TIME	endt;
	PAD4	pad_G;
	CODE4	data_type;
	INT4	data_length;
} PCSUDS_CALIBRATION;
.sp 0.5
#define PC_CALIBRATION	9L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Not commonly used in PC-SUDS.  Calibration information about a
seismometer.  Initially designed to be compatible with the calibration
information contained within the \fBAH\fR format developed at
Lamont-Doherty Earth observatory.  The PC-SUDS version contains the
poles and zeros in an array of fixed length within the structure called
\fBSUDS_CALIBR cal[NOCALPTS]\fR where \fBNOCALPTS\fR is 30.  This is
not the way it is done in SUDS.  Thus the IO library puts these data in
\fBcalib\fR(5) structures following this structure and and the
\fBstructure_properties\fR(2) routines return the correct type and
length.  The number of \fBcalib\fR structures is almost always less
than 30, with the remainder being filled with zeros or NODATA.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBlen_netn_A\fI len network name\fR
.TP
\fBnetwork\fI network name\fR
.TP
\fBlen_st_nam_A\fI len station name\fR
.TP
\fBst_name\fI station name\fR
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBcomponent\fI component\fR
.BB
codelist=comps
.EB
.TP
\fBinst_type\fI instrument type\fR
.BB
codelist=inst_type
.EB
.TP
\fBmaxgain\fI maximum gain\fR
Maximum gain of the calibration curve.
.TP
\fBnormaliz\fI normalization factor\fR
Factor to multiply standard calib by to make peak at given frequency=1.
.TP
\fBbegint\fI time effective\fR
Time this calibration becomes effective.
.TP
\fBendt\fI end time effective\fR
Time this calibration is no longer effective.
.TP
\fBpad_G\fI padding\fR
.TP
\fBdata_type\fI data storage type\fR
.so ../man_macros/data_type.descrip
.BB
sets_data_type=true, codelist=data_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_length\fI number of samples\fR
Number of samples of type \fBdata_type\fR in the waveform.
.BB
sets_data_length=true, default_value=0
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
