.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH PC_EVENT 5 "2 March 1994" "pc_suds" "PC_SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
pc_event \- general information about an event
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef	struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	CODE2	authority;
	PAD2	pad_H;
	INT4	number;
	INT2	felt;
	CHAR	mintensity;
	CODE1	ev_type;
	CODE1	tectonism;
	CODE1	waterwave;
	CODE1	mechanism;
	CODE1	medium;
	FLOAT4	size;
	PAD4	pad_I;
} PCSUDS_EVENT;
.sp 0.5
#define PC_EVENT	 	12L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Not commonly used in PC-SUDS.  Information about an event.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBauthority\fI organization\fR
Organization processing the data.
.BB
codelist=authority
.EB
.TP
\fBpad_H\fI padding\fR
.TP
\fBnumber\fI event number\fR
Unique event number assigned by organization.
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBfelt\fI number felt reps\fR
Number of felt reports.
.TP
\fBmintensity\fI MM intensity\fR
Maximum Modified Mercali Intensity.
.BB
allow_char="0-9abc"
.EB
.TP
\fBev_type\fI event type\fR
Type of event.
.BB
codelist=eventtyp
.EB
.TP
\fBtectonism\fI tectonism\fR
Observed tectonism: uplift, subsidence, etc.
.BB
codelist=tecton
.EB
.TP
\fBwaterwave\fI waterwaves\fR
Observed waterwaves: seiche, tsunami, etc.
.BB
codelist=waterwave
.EB
.TP
\fBmechanism\fI mechanism type\fR
Type of focal mechanism.
.BB
codelist=mechan
.EB
.TP
\fBmedium\fI explosive medium\fR
Medium containing explosion or event.
.BB
codelist=medium
.EB
.TP
\fBsize\fI magnitude or lbs TNT\fR
Magnitude or pounds TNT for explosions.
.TP
\fBpad_I\fI padding\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
