.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH RESIDUAL 5 "6 February 1994" "pc_suds" "PC_SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
residual \- calculated residuals for arrival times, magnitudes, etc.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef	struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	INT4	event_num;
	FIXED	len_netn_H;
	STRING	network[4];
	FIXED	len_st_nam_H;
	STRING	st_name[5];
	CODE1	component;
	CODE2	inst_type;
	CODE2	set_phase;
	CODE1	set_tim_qual;
	CODE1	set_amp_qual;
	FLOAT4	residual_val;
	FLOAT4	weight_used;
	FLOAT4	delay;
	FLOAT4	azimuth;
	FLOAT4	distance;
	FLOAT4	emergence;
	PAD4	pad_M;
} PCSUDS_RESIDUAL;
.sp 0.5
#define PC_RESIDUAL	11L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Not commonly used in PC-SUDS.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBevent_num\fI event number\fR
Unique event number.
.TP
\fBlen_netn_H\fI len net name\fR
.TP
\fBnetwork\fI network name\fR
.TP
\fBlen_st_nam_H\fI len stat name\fR
.TP
\fBst_name\fI station name\fR
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBcomponent\fI component\fR
.BB
codelist=comps
.EB
.TP
\fBinst_type\fI instrument type\fR
.BB
codelist=inst_type
.EB
.TP
\fBset_phase\fI observed phase\fR
Phase code set for this solution.
.BB
codelist=feat_phase
.EB
.TP
\fBset_tim_qual\fI timing quality\fR
Timing quality assigned for this solution.
.BB
codelist=timequal
.EB
.TP
\fBset_amp_qual\fI amplitude quality\fR
Amplitude quality assigned for this solution.
.BB
codelist=timequal
.EB
.TP
\fBresidual_val\fI residual\fR
Traveltime residual or phase magnitude.
.TP
\fBweight_used\fI weight used\fR
Weight used in this solution.
.TP
\fBdelay\fI delay\fR
Delay time or station correction used.
.TP
\fBazimuth\fI azimuth\fR
Azimuth event to station, 0 north.
.TP
\fBdistance\fI distance\fR
Distance in km event to station.
.TP
\fBemergence\fI angle emergence\fR
Angle of emergence from source, 0=down,180=up.
.TP
\fBpad_M\fI padding\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
