.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH ST_INTRO 5 "14 February 1994" "pc_suds" "PC_SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
st_intro_pc \- introduction to PC_SUDS structures and codes
.SH OVERVIEW
The initial version of SUDS was adopted for use in the IASPEI Software
Library edited by W. H. K. Lee for use on IBM-compatible personal
computers and was first released in 1989.  This software is available
to thousands of people and is used throughout the world.  This early
version of SUDS has come to be known as PC_SUDS.  PC_SUDS is
substantially different from the new SUDS described in this manual.  It
is not machine independent, is not a database model, and does not
handle as many types of seismological data.  Many more advanced tools
will be available for the new SUDS.
.PP
In order to make a direct and simple migration path from PC_SUDS to
SUDS and in order to allow use of many new utility programs with
existing PC_SUDS data, the SUDS input/output library has been programmed
to recognize PC_SUDS data and to read it in a machine independent
manner into structures in memory that have the same members as PC_SUDS
structures, but that also have the members properly aligned for machine
independence and include the \fBstructure_type\fR and
\fBstructure_len\fR members that start all new SUDS structures.  This
allows the PC_SUDS structures to work with most SUDS subroutines and
utilities.  The conversion is done on input and on output so that on
recording media and disks PC_SUDS data is still in PC_SUDS format.
This allows PC_SUDS and SUDS data to exist together. \fBHowever, we
strongly encourage you not to mix SUDS structures with PC_SUDS
structures.  This will lead to many problems.\fR  If you have a great
deal of data in PC_SUDS format, you may wish to use some of the new
tools with that data.  You should consider moving to the new SUDS
whenever the tools you need are available and when you are working with
80386 and more advanced computers.  A filter \fBpc2suds(1)\fR is
provided to convert data from PC_SUDS to SUDS when needed.
.SH VERSION
The descriptions on the following pages are based on the PC_SUDS
documentation and include files for version 1.44 (23-Aug-1993).
.SH "INTERNAL FORMAT"
The input library recognizes PC_SUDS structures when reading the
\fBstructtag\fR for PC_SUDS and the \fBstructure_tag\fR for SUDS.
Both start with the letter \fBS\fR, but the second character for
PC_SUDS is a letter \fB6\fR while for SUDS the second character is
typically the letter \fBx\fR or other letters listed in the code_list
\fBcomputer_types\fR.  In PC_SUDS the letter \fB6\fR is required
by the PC_SUDS utilities.  If a different letter is used, that data will
not be correctly read by the PC_SUDS or the SUDS utilities.
.PP
The internal format of PC_SUDS structures is described in the following
manual pages.  The members \fBstructure_type\fR and \fBstructure_len\fR
have been added since these are used by many utilities when handling
SUDS structures.  Members have also been added to assure alignment of
members on a byte that is evenly divisible by their length, or in the
case of strings, on a 4-byte boundary.  These members that do not exist
in the PC_SUDS structures all have names starting with \fBpad_\fR.
.PP
 SUDS does not allow for nested structures or members that are arrays
in order to be compatible with most database systems.  The \fBstatident\fR
structure is contained within many PC_SUDS structures and is thus
included member by member in the equivalent SUDS structures.  Array
members are given explicit names.  These changes mean that existing PC_SUDS
utilities can not use the new input/output library unless the references
to these members are changed.  However, existing PC_SUDS utilities and
other programs will still continue to work when using PC_SUDS data
written by the new SUDS library routines.
.SH PROBLEMS
Association of structures that are related, for example, to a single event,
is done in PC_SUDS by physical organization into files or directories.
In SUDS association is done by relational primary and foreign keys
(LABEL and REFERS2 member types).  This adds some compexity to converting
PC_SUDS to SUDS but has the benefit of being more explicit and being
database compatible.
.PP
In C, ASCII strings are terminated by a null byte (\0).  This byte is
used whenever printing, copying, scanning a string, etc.  In PC-SUDS
network names are typically of length 4 and station names are of length
5.  This means they can only have 3 and 4 characters respectively.
However, much PC-SUDS data exists where someone has not so cleverly put
4 and 5 characters respectively in these names.  Thus if after a name
you get garbage characters, it means the program has to add the null
byte or print the string character by character.
.PP
NODATA in PC_SUDS is defined as -32767. for all variable types.
The IO library converts these values to suitable values in SUDS depending
on type: short integer (NODATS=-32760), long integer (NODATL=-2147483640L), and floating point (NODATF=-1.7e+36).  NOTIME in PC_SUDS is the same as 
MINTIME in SUDS.
.SH "LIST OF STRUCTURES"
Structures defined in the \fBPC_SUDS\fR standard are as
follows:
.br
.nf
.na
.ta 1.1i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.so struct_names.5
.fi
.ad
.PP
The structures calib, calibration, equipment, error, evdescr, event, 
eventsetting, focalmech, layers, loctrace, moment, residual, and velmodel
are not commonly used in PC_SUDS and we suggest that you do not use them.
.SH "PROPERTIES OF THE STRUCTURES"
.nf
.na
.ta 1.5i 2.3i 3.1i 3.9i 4.7i
.so struct_sizes.5
.fi
.ad
.SH REFERENCES
The following materials describe PC_SUDS and are in chronological order.
Volumes in the IASPEI Software Library may be ordered from the
Seismological Society of America, 201 Plaza Professional Building, El
Cerrito, CA 94530, 510/525-5474, fax 510/525-7204.
.PP
Ward, Peter L., 1989, \fBSUDS: Seismic Unified Data System,\fR U.S.
Geological Survey Open-File Report 89-188, 123 pages.
.PP
Lee, W. H. K., editor, 1989, \fBToolbox for Seismic Data Acquisition,
Processing, and Analysis\fR: IASPEI Software Library, Volume 1, 284
pages.
.PP
Lee, W. H. K., editor, 1990, \fBToolbox for Plotting and Displaying
Seismic and Other Data\fR: IASPEI Software Library, Volume 2, 207
pages.
.PP
Banfill, Robert, 1992, \fBSUDS, Seismic Unified Data System, Version 1.31,\fR
Small Systems Support, Big Water, Utah, available from the IASPEI PC Working 
Group, send a request by FAX to 415/858-2599, 27 pages.
.PP
Lee, W. H. K., editor, 1993, \fBDigital Seismogram Analysis and Waveform
Inversion\fR: IASPEI Software Library, Volume 3, 166 pages.
.PP
Scherbaum, Frank, and Johnson, James, 1992, \fBProgrammable Interactive
Toolbox for Seismological Analysis (PITSA)\fR: IASPEI Software Library,
Volume 5, 269 pages.
.PP
Banfill, Robert, 1 December 1993, \fBPC-SUDS Utilities\fR, A collection
of programs for routine processing of seismic data stored in the
Seismic Unified Data System for DOS (PC-SUDS): IASPEI Software Library
Supplement #1, 91 pages.
