.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH STATIONCOMP 5 "6 February 1994" "pc_suds" "PC_SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
stationcomp \- generic station component information
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef	struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	FIXED	len_netn_I;
	STRING	network[4];
	FIXED	len_st_nam_I;
	STRING	st_name[5];
	CODE1	component;
	CODE2	inst_type;
	INT2	azim;
	INT2	incid;
	LATIT	st_lat;
	LONGIT	st_long;
	FLOAT4	elev;
	CODE1	enclosure;
	CODE1	annotation;
	CODE1	recorder_type;
	CODE1	rockclass;
	CODE2	rocktype;
	CODE1	sitecondition;
	CODE1	sensor_type;
	CODE1	datatyp;
	CODE1	data_units;
	CODE1	polarity_type;
	CODE1	st_status;
	FLOAT4	max_gain;
	FLOAT4	clip_value;
	FLOAT4	con_mvolts;
	INT2	channel_num;
	INT2	atod_gain;
	ST_TIME	effective;
	FLOAT4	clock_correct;
	FLOAT4	station_delay;
	PAD4	pad_N;
} PCSUDS_STATIONCOMP;
.sp 0.5
#define PC_STATIONCOMP	5L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Very commonly used in PC-SUDS.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBlen_netn_I\fI len net name\fR
.TP
\fBnetwork\fI network name\fR
.TP
\fBlen_st_nam_I\fI len stat name\fR
.TP
\fBst_name\fI station name\fR
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBcomponent\fI component\fR
.BB
codelist=comps
.EB
.TP
\fBinst_type\fI instrument type\fR
.BB
codelist=inst_type
.EB
.TP
\fBazim\fI azimuth\fR
Component azimuth clockwise from north.
.TP
\fBincid\fI angle incidence\fR
Component angle of incidence from vertical. 0 is vertical, 90 is 
horizontal.
.TP
\fBst_lat\fI latitude\fR
Station latitude, north is plus.
.TP
\fBst_long\fI longitude\fR
Station longitude, east is plus.
.TP
\fBelev\fI elevation\fR
Station elevation in meters.
.TP
\fBenclosure\fI enclosure\fR
.BB
codelist=enclosur
.EB
.TP
\fBannotation\fI annotation\fR
Annotated comment code.
.BB
codelist=ann_com
.EB
.TP
\fBrecorder_type\fI type recorder\fR
Type device data recorded on.
.BB
codelist=reco_type
.EB
.TP
\fBrockclass\fI class of rock\fR
.BB
codelist=rock_class
.EB
.TP
\fBrocktype\fI type rock\fR
.BB
codelist=rock_type
.EB
.TP
\fBsitecondition\fI site condition\fR
.BB
codelist=site_condit
.EB
.TP
\fBsensor_type\fI sensor type\fR
.BB
codelist=sensor
.EB
.TP
\fBdatatyp\fI data type\fR
.BB
codelist=datatyp
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_units\fI data units\fR
.BB
codelist=ampunits
.EB
.TP
\fBpolarity_type\fI polarity\fR
.BB
codelist=polar
.EB
.TP
\fBst_status\fI station status\fR
.BB
codelist=stat_stat
.EB
.TP
\fBmax_gain\fI maximum gain\fR
Maximum gain of the amplifier.
.TP
\fBclip_value\fI clipping value\fR
+-value of data where clipping begins.
.TP
\fBcon_mvolts\fI conversion to mv\fR
Conversion factor to millivolts: mv per count.  0 means not defined or
not appropriate. Max_ground_motion = digital_sample*con_mvolts.
.TP
\fBchannel_num\fI channel number\fR
Analog to digital converter channel number.
.TP
\fBatod_gain\fI atod gain\fR
Gain of analog to digital converter.
.TP
\fBeffective\fI time effective\fR
Date/time these values became effective.
.TP
\fBclock_correct\fI clock correction\fR
Clock correction in seconds.
.TP
\fBstation_delay\fI station delay\fR
Seismological station delay.
.TP
\fBpad_N\fI padding\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
