.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH STRUCTTAG 5 "6 February 1994" "pc_suds" "PC_SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
structtag \- structure to identify structures when archived together
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef	struct {
	CHAR	sync;
	CODE1	machine;
	INT2	id_struct;
	INT4	len_struct;
	INT4	len_data;
	PAD4	pad_S;
} PCSUDS_STRUCTTAG;
.sp 0.5
#define PC_STRUCTTAG	2L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
All structures written in a stream such as on a disk, tape, and over
the network, must be followed by a \fBstructtag\fR. This tag is
used for error detection and to explain what structure follows and how
much data follow the structure.  The \fBstructtag\fR is the label
used to identify structures.
.PP
Required in a stream before each structure.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBsync\fI synchronization char\fR
All \fBstructtags\fR must begin with the letter S. When a structure
and any data following the structure are read, the next structure_tag
is also read, and if the first letter is not S, an error is declared.
In this way when a structure is read, the computer knows that it has
been read properly.
.BB
default_value="S", allow_char="S"
.EB
.TP
\fBmachine\fI type of computer\fR
Type of computer this structure was written on.  For PC_SUDS this
must be a '6' respresenting an 80x86 computer in PC_SUDS format.
The input/output library routines identify PC_SUDS data by this
character.  Anything other than a '6' will be interpreted as SUDS
data and will cause program termination for PC_SUDS data.
.BB
codelist=computer_types
.EB
.TP
\fBid_struct\fI structure id\fR
An integer defining the type of structure that follows. The integers
are defined on the manual pages defining the structures.
.TP
\fBlen_struct\fI len structure\fR
The length of the structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBlen_data\fI len data\fR
Length of data in bytes that follows the structure. The type of data is
defined within the structure.
.TP
\fBpad_S\fI padding\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
