.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH TRIGGERS 5 "6 February 1994" "pc_suds" "PC_SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
triggers \- earthquake detector trigger statistics
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef	struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	FIXED	len_netn_K;
	STRING	network[4];
	FIXED	len_st_nam_K;
	STRING	st_name[5];
	CODE1	component;
	CODE2	inst_type;
	INT2	sta;
	INT2	lta;
	INT2	abs_sta;
	INT2	abs_lta;
	INT2	trig_value;
	INT2	num_triggers;
	MS_TIME	trig_time;
} PCSUDS_TRIGGERS;
.sp 0.5
#define PC_TRIGGERS	25L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Commonly used in PC-SUDS.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBlen_netn_K\fI len net name\fR
.TP
\fBnetwork\fI network name\fR
.TP
\fBlen_st_nam_K\fI len stat name\fR
.TP
\fBst_name\fI station name\fR
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBcomponent\fI component\fR
.BB
codelist=comps
.EB
.TP
\fBinst_type\fI instrument type\fR
.BB
codelist=inst_type
.EB
.TP
\fBsta\fI sta\fR
Short term average.
.TP
\fBlta\fI long term average\fR
Long term average; pre_lta for xdetect.
.TP
\fBabs_sta\fI abs sta\fR
short term absolute average.
.TP
\fBabs_lta\fI abs lta\fR
Long term absolute average.
.TP
\fBtrig_value\fI trigger level\fR
Value of trigger level (eta).
.TP
\fBnum_triggers\fI num triggers\fR
Number of times triggered during this event.
.TP
\fBtrig_time\fI trigger time\fR
Time of first trigger.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
