.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH VELMODEL 5 "6 February 1994" "pc_suds" "PC_SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
velmodel \- velocity model
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef	struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	FIXED	len_netnam;
	STRING	netname[4];
	PAD4	pad_R;
	FIXED	len_modelname;
	STRING	modelname[6];
	CHAR	spareE;
	CHAR	modeltype;
	LATIT	latA;
	LONGIT	longA;
	LATIT	latB;
	LONGIT	longB;
	ST_TIME	time_effective;
	PAD4	pad_W;
} PCSUDS_VELMODEL;
.sp 0.5
#define PC_VELMODEL	18L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Not commonly used in PC-SUDS.  Definition of a flat-layered velocity model.
This structure should be followed by a number of \fBlayer\fR structures.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBlen_netnam\fI len net name\fR
.TP
\fBnetname\fI network name\fR
.TP
\fBpad_R\fI padding\fR
.TP
\fBlen_modelname\fI len model name\fR
.TP
\fBmodelname\fI model name\fR
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBspareE\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBmodeltype\fI model type\fR
p=profile A to B, a=area within corners A B.
.TP
\fBlatA\fI latitude A\fR
Latitude of point A, north is plus.
.TP
\fBlongA\fI longitude A\fR
Longitude of point A, north is plus.
.TP
\fBlatB\fI latitude B\fR
Latitude of point B, north is plus.
.TP
\fBlongB\fI longitude B\fR
Longitude of point B, east is plus.
.TP
\fBtime_effective\fI time created\fR
Time this model was created.
.TP
\fBpad_W\fI padding\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
