.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH CODE_LIST 3 "6 May 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
code_list \- code_list representation in a SUDS stream
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	code_list_id;
	DOMAIN	code_list_dc;
	FIXED	len_code_name;
	STRING	code_list_name[20];
	INT4	list_number;
	INT4	number_members;
	CODE4	data_type;
	INT4	data_length;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_CODE_LIST, *LIST;
.sp 0.5
#define CODE_LISTS	205L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Code lists are used throughout SUDS to relate characters or numbers
that are stored in SUDS structures to descriptive strings.  The
\fBcode_list\fR structure is the representation of code lists on a disk
or in any SUDS stream.  Code lists are loaded dynamically as needed.
The \fBauthorities\fR code list is very large, resides in a file, and
is never loaded directly.  Thus code lists should always be accessed
through the subroutines \fBget_code\fR and \fBlist_code\fR.  
.PP
Data following the \fBcode_list\fR structure consists of
\fBnumber_members\fR instances of the \fBcode_data\fR structure
followed by all of the code strings concatenated together.
\fBcode_data.meaning\fR is then the offset in bytes from the beginning
of the data to the beginning of a particular, null-terminated string.
When a \fBcode_list\fR structure is read into memory by \fBget_code(2)\fR
or \fBlist_code(2)\fR, the address of the first byte of data in memory is
added to \fBcode_data.meaning\fR. \fB data_type\fR is specified as
\fBCHR\fR even though the \fBcode_data\fR structures are in binary.
\fBdata_length\fR is the total number of bytes for the \fBcode_data\fR
structures plus the total number of bytes of concatented strings
rounded up to an 8-byte boundary.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBcode_list_id\fI code_list id\fR
A number that uniquely identifies, within this \fBcode_list_dc\fR, an instance 
of the \fBcode_list\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBcode_list_dc\fI code_list domain\fR
Domain in which code_list_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP
\fBlen_code_name \fIlen code_list name\fR
The maximum space reserved for the signal name, i.e. 20.  Actual string
can only contain 19 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBcode_list_name\fI code_list name\fR
Name of the code_list.
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBlist_number\fI code_list number\fR
Number if the code_list.
.TP
\fBnumber_members\fI number members\fR
Number of members in this code_list.
.TP
\fBdata_type\fI data storage type\fR
.so ../man_macros/data_type.descrip
Normally type CHAR.
.BB
sets_data_type=true, codelist=data_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_length\fI number of samples\fR
Number of samples of type \fBdata_type\fR in the waveform.
.BB
sets_data_length=true, default_value=0
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment\fR
.so ../man_macros/authority.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
