.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH FILE_INDEX 3 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
file_index \- structure to index locations of structures in a file
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	INT4	struct_number;
	INT4	bytes_data;
	INT4	tag_offset;
	FIXED	len_indexed_n;
	STRING	indexed_name[24];
	INT4	label_id;
	INT4	label_dc;
	ST_TIME	from_time;
	ST_TIME	thru_time;
} SUDS_FILE_INDEX, *IDXPTR;
.sp 0.5
#define FILE_INDEXS	204L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
This structure is used to index a file so that individual structures in the
file can be read in any order desired by the program. An index for a file
is put in a file of the same name but with the suffix 'I'.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBstruct_number\fI structure number\fR
Number of the structure.
.TP
\fBbytes_data\fI bytes of data\fR
Bytes of data following the structure.
.TP
\fBtag_offset\fI offset to structure_tag\fR
.TP 
\fBlen_indexed_n\fR \fIlength indexed name\fR
The maximum space reserved for the indexed name, i.e. 24. 
Actual string can only contain 23 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP 
\fBindexed_name\fI indexed name\fR
If signal_name does not exist in a structure, this string would be the ASCII
value of the member where the definition sets_index=true is found.  If the
field being indexed if longer than 23 bytes, this is the last 23 bytes.
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBlabel_id\fI primary key id\fR
LABEL or primary key for this structure.
.TP
\fBlabel_dc\fI primary key dc\fR
Domain in which label_id is unique.
.TP
\fBfrom_time\fI beginning time\fR
Beginning time if specifed in this structure.
.TP
\fBthru_time\fI ending time\fR
Ending time if specifed in this structure.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
st_index(2)
