.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH MEMBER_INFO 3 "1 July 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
member_info \- system information about a members of a SUDS structure
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	INT4	struct_number;
	INT2	member_number;
	INT2	member_type; 
	INT2	member_length; 
	INT2	member_offset;
	INT2	pri_key_numb;
	INT2	for_key_numb;
	INT4	key_structure; 
	INT4	key_member; 
	CHAR	db_include;
	CHAR	db_must_be_in;
	CHAR	db_index_type;
	CHAR	db_delete_type;
	INT4	db_permission;
	INT2	editor_row;
	INT2	editor_column;
	FIXED	name_len;
	STRING	member_name[16];
	FIXED	title_len;
	STRING	member_title[24];
	INT4	code_list_id;
	FIXED	list_len;
	STRING	code_list_name[24];
	FIXED	default_len;
	STRING	default_values[24];
	FIXED	format_len;
	STRING	print_format[20];
	FIXED	allowed_len;
	STRING	allowed_chars[24];
	CODE1	checks_input;
	CHAR	file_idx_type;
	INT2	spare;
	INT4	help_ptr;
	INT4	spare_a;
} SUDS_MEMBER_INFO, *MEMPTR;
.sp 0.5
.fi
#define MEMBER_INFOS	202L
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
This system table explains all of the properties of a member of a
structure in a manner used by \fBSUDS\fR utility programs.  This table
is created automatically from the manual pages by the program
\fBcompile_man(1)\fR and stored in the file \fBsuds_mem.h\fR.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR 
Define number of this type of structure, i.e. 7.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR 
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBstruct_number\fI structure number\fR 
Number of the structure.
.TP
\fBmember_number\fI member number\fR 
Number of this member in the structure counting from 0.
.TP
\fBmember_type\fI member type\fR 
Number of the type of this member referring to the three-letter defines
in \fBvariable_info(3)\fR.
.TP
\fBmember_length\fI member length\fR 
If this member is an array, then this is the length of the array.
.TP
\fBmember_offset\fI member offset\fR 
Offset of beginning of this member from the top of the structure or in
other words the address of this member minus the address of the first
member of the structure. The offset can be determined at compile time
by the following macro:
.br
.ft B
.ti 1.5i
#define oFFsetOF(type,memb) ((INT4)&((type *)0)->memb)
.ft R
.br
It may not be possible to cast NULL or 0 in this way on some machines.
offsetof is an ANSI C feature. See page 263 of "C, A Reference Manual"
by Samuel P.  Harbison and Guy L. Steele Jr., Prentice Hall, 1991.
This macro is needed since different machines will align structures in
different ways and many of the SUDS programs refer to structure
elements by pointer rather than name in order to be general.
.TP
\fBpri_key_numb\fI primary key number\fR 
If this is part of the primary key, set to 1, otherwise set to NODATS.
.TP
\fBfor_key_numb\fI foreign key number\fR 
Number of composite foreign key >= 0 where the number of each composite
key must be unique within the structure. If this is not a foreign key,
set to NODATS.
.TP
\fBkey_structure\fI key structure\fR 
If this member is not a key, then set key_structure to NODATL. If this
member is a primary key, then set key_structure to 0.  If this member
is a foreign key,then set key_structure to the number of the structure
containing the primary key.
.TP
\fBkey_member\fI key member\fR 
If this member is not a key, then set key_member to NODATL. If this
member is a primary key then set key_member to 0.  If this member is a
foreign key set key_member to the number of the member containing the
primary key. If this member is a composite key, then set key_member to
the number of the first member of the structure containing part of the
composite key.
.TP
\fBdb_include\fI include in db\fR 
Normally set to T. If this member will not be stored in the database,
then set to F. FIXED variable types would normally not be stored in the
database since they are always the same and can be redetermined on
output to SUDS structures.
.BB
allow_char="TF"
.EB
.TP
\fBdb_must_be_in\fI must exist in db\fR 
Normally set to F. If this member is a primary key or a foreign key
that may not be null, i.e. the primary key must exist for insert or
update of this structure, then set to T.
.BB
allow_char="TF"
.EB
.TP
\fBdb_index_type\fI database index type\fR 
If this member is not indexed in the database then set=NOCHAR, if
standard index then set=I, if unique index then set=U, if clustered
index then set=C.  A unique index means that only one instance of this
value may exist. A clustered index means that the physical order of
structures would be in the order of this index whenever possible.
.BB
allow_char="IUC"
.EB
.TP
\fBdb_delete_type\fI database delete type\fR 
Normally set to NOCHAR.
For foreign keys this member can be set to restricted (R), nullify (N),
or cascade (C). Restricted means that as long as an instance of this
foreign key exists, the instance of the structure with the primary key
referred to by this key may not be deleted. Nullify means this foreign
key may be nullified so that the structure with the primary key may be
deleted. Cascade means that if the structure with the primary key is
deleted, delete this structure also.
.BB
allow_char="RNC"
.EB
.TP
\fBdb_permission\fI database permissions\fR 
Database permissions in fields of 4 bits. The least significant bit of
each field is select or read, bit 1 is insert, bit 2 is update, and bit
3 is delete.  The least significant bit field is permissions for the
everyone or public, the next field is for group, the next is for
analyst, and the next is for the database manager. The 16 most
significant bits are reserved for future use.  The default permission
is set from the default for this structure in \fBstructure_info(3)\fR.
.TP
\fBeditor_row\fI editor row\fR 
Row of this member in the forms editor counting from 0 at the top of
the screen.
.TP
\fBeditor_column\fI editor column\fR 
The column of this member in the forms editor counting from 0 at the
left.
.TP
\fBname_len\fI name length\fR 
The maximum space reserved for the member name, i.e. 16.  Actual string
can only contain 15 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBmember_name\fI member_name\fR 
Name in C for this member.
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBtitle_len\fI title length\fR 
The maximum space reserved for the title, i.e. 24.  Actual string can
only contain 23 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBmember_title\fI member title\fR 
Title for this member used, for example, in \fBstedit\fR 
or \fBst2asc -v\fR.
.TP
\fBcode_list_id\fI code_list id\fR
ID number of codelist.  Domains of code_lists are all defined as 2.
.TP
\fBlist_len\fI codelist length\fR 
The maximum space reserved for the code list name, i.e. 24.  Actual
string can only contain 23 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBcode_list_name\fI code list name\fR 
String containing the code list name for this member.
.TP
\fBdefault_len\fI default length\fR 
The maximum space reserved for the default_values, i.e. 24.  Actual
string can only contain 23 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBdefault_values\fI default value\fR 
String containing the default value or undefined value for this
member.
.TP
\fBformat_len\fI format length\fR 
The maximum space reserved for the format, i.e. 20.  Actual string can
only contain 19 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBprint_format\fI print format\fR 
String containing the format to use when printing this member.
.TP
\fBallowed_len\fI allowed length\fR 
The maximum space reserved for the allowed-chars, i.e. 20.  Actual
string can only contain 19 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBallowed_chars\fI allowable characters\fR 
String containing a list of allowable characters during input.
.TP
\fBchecks_input\fI input subroutine\fR 
A letter code pointing to a subroutine that can check the input value
of a member in such programs as \fBstedit\fR.  The subroutines are
described in \fBinput_subroutines(2)\fR. The name of the subroutine is
given in the code_list \fBinput_subroutines\fR (See
\fBcode_lists(6)\fR).  The manual compiler (\fBcompile_man(1)\fR) uses
the code_list to convert the statement \fBcheck_input=subroutine\fR to
this letter.  The input programs must select the proper routine using a
\fBswitch\fR statement based on this code.
.BB
codelist=input_subroutines
.EB
.TP
\fBfile_idx_type\fI index type\fR
The way in which this member is to be used in file_index. 
n=indexed_name, l=label_id, d=label_dc, f=from_time, t=thru_time
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBhelp_ptr\fI help pointer\fR
Offset in bytes in help file to description of this member.
.TP
\fBspare_a\fI for future use\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
