.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH MENU 3 "6 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
menu \- SUDS menus
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	menu_id;
	DOMAIN	menu_dc;
	INT4	structure_num;
	INT2	level;
	INT2	ui_item;
	FIXED	len_menu_lab;
	STRING	menu_label[20];
	FCNPTR	call_back;

	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_MENU;
.sp 0.5
#define MENUS	21L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Basic information about any type of feature menued from a waveform that is
associated with a \fBwaveform\fR structure. Features are listed in the
codelist \fBmenu_types\fR and include different seismic phases, types
of amplitude measurements, specification of a time or amplitude window, etc.
.BB
permissions="siud_siud_s_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP 
\fBmenu_id\fI menu identifier\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBmenu_dc\fR, to an instance of 
the \fBmenu\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary
.EB
.TP
\fBmenu_dc\fI menu domain\fR
Domain in which menu_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP 
\fBevent_id\fI event identifier\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBevent_dc\fR, to an instance of 
the \fBevent\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,event.event_id), db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBevent_dc\fI event domain\fR
Domain in which event_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,event.event_dc), 
db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBwaveform_id\fI waveform header id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBwaveform_dc\fR, to an instance of 
the \fBwaveform\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,waveform.waveform_id), db_delete=nullify,
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBwaveform_dc\fI waveform domain\fR
Domain in which waveform_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,waveform.waveform_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP 
\fBlen_signal_n\fR \fIlength signal name\fR
The maximum space reserved for the signal name, i.e. 20. 
Actual string can only contain 19 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP 
\fBsignal_name\fI signal name\fR
.so ../man_macros/signal_name.descrip
.TP 
\fBtime \fI time of menu\fR
Time of menu.
.TP 
\fBnominal_time \fI nominal time of menu\fR
Nominal time of menu.  This is the time based on
\fBwaveform.nominal_time\fR, which is the base time associated with a
waveform before any clock corrections have been applied.  A menuing
program should calculate both time and nominal_time.  The reason for
keeping both values is to allow correction of time-code corrections by
always maintaining the uncorrected time and a separate table of
time-code corrections.
.TP
\fBerror_minus\fI menu error minus\fR
Preferred time of menu minus earliest likely time of menu.
Errors in timing have traditionally be represented by
\fBobs_time_qual\fR with a scale from 0 to 4. This member and the
next member allow a more quantitative measure of error in menuing.
.TP
\fBerror_plus\fI menu error plus\fR
Latest likely time of menu minus preferred time of menu.
.TP
\fBobserv_phase\fI observed phase code\fR
Code for observed phase from \fBmenu_types\fR codelist.
.BB
codelist=menu_types
.EB
.TP
\fBobs_time_qual\fI quality of timing\fR
Quality of timing. 0 equals best, 4 equals worst.  This is an estimation
of menu time accuracy made by the menuer.
.BB
codelist=timing_qualities
.EB
.TP
\fBonset_type\fI type of onset\fR
e=emersio, i=impulsive.
.BB
codelist=onset_types
.EB
.TP
\fBorig_first_mot\fI original first motion\fR
Original first motion before any correction for polarity.  The reason
for keeping both values is to allow correction of polarity corrections
by always maintaining the uncorrected first motion and a separate table
of polarity corrections.
.BB
codelist=first_motions
.EB
.TP
\fBfirst_motion\fI first motion\fR
U=up, D=down, +=probable up, -=probable down
.BB
codelist=first_motions
.EB
.TP
\fBomit_from_sol\fI omit from solution\fR
To omit this phase from a solution, set to the small letter 'o'.
.BB
allow_char="o"
.EB
.TP
\fBmenu_method\fI type of menuing method\fR
i=interactive,a=automatic,r=rtp, or user code
.BB
codelist=menu_methods
.EB
.TP
\fBrecord_media\fI recording media\fR
Media on which waveform was analyzed if not in digital form.
.BB
codelist=recording_medias
.EB
.TP
\fBobs_ampl_qual\fI quality of amplitude\fR
Quality of amplitude. 0 equals best, 4 equals worst.  This is an estimation
of amplitude menu accuracy made by the menuer.
.BB
codelist=timing_qualities
.EB
.TP
\fBamplitude_type\fI type of amplitude\fR
.BB
codelist=amplitude_types
.EB
.TP
\fBampl_units\fI units of amplitude\fR
Units used for amplitude.
.BB
codelist=units_types
.EB
.TP
\fBnom_amplitude\fI nominal amplitude\fR
Amplitude menued as a signed variable equal to amplitude of later sample
minus amplitude of earlier sample.  The reason for keeping the sign is
to make it possible to redraw amplitude lines on top of a waveform.
.TP
\fBamp_gain_range\fI gain range\fR
Factor by which amplitude should be multiplied to correct for automatic
gain-ranging in the field amplifier.
.TP
\fBmedia_gain\fI media gain\fR
Factor by which amplitude should be multiplied to correct for gain
of the media if not digital.  
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBperiod\fI period\fR
Period in seconds of the amplitude menued.  This is the time from peak
to trough times 2.
.TP
\fBobs_azimuth\fI observed azimuth\fR
Azimuth to event source as observed from waveforms.
.TP
\fBobs_slowness\fI observed slowness\fR
Slowness of the waveform travelling by station.
.TP
\fBrectilinearity\fI rectilinearity\fR
Rectilinearity of the waveform.
.TP
\fBtime_menued\fI time menu made\fR
Time this menu was made.
.TP
\fBauthority\fI menu authority\fR
Who made this menu.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBsignal_2_noise\fI ratio signal to noise\fR
Ratio of signal to noise.  Can be thought of as the average amplitude
after the menu divided by the average amplitude before any arrivals. 
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(3,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(3,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SH BUGS
