.TH ST_INTRO 3 "10 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
st_intro \- introduction to SUDS system structures
.SH OVERVIEW
The \fBS\fReismic \fBU\fRnified \fBD\fRata \fBS\fRystem (\fBSUDS\fR) is
based on organizing data into \fIstructures or groups that provide all
of the important information about a logical entity\fR such as an
earthquake hypocentral solution, a seismic waveform, a phase pick, or
the frequency response of a component or system. These structures or
groups of data can then be accessed and utilized efficiently and stored
in a machine-independent manner, in any order, on any type of storage
device.
.PP
A structure consists of an ordered list of members. Multiple instances
of a structure can be thought of as a table where there is one column
for each member and one row for each instance of the structure. Some
members of some structures refer to specific instances of other
structures, providing a way to relate, for example, specific phase
picks to a specific earthquake solution, a specific waveform to a
specific recorder, etc. Thus \fBSUDS\fR, besides being a data format,
is a model or plan for a relational database system.
.PP
Chapter 3 of the manual provides a description of structures
used for system tasks.  These include the central tables
\fBvariable_info.3, structure_info.3, member_info.3\fR and
a structure \fBstream.3\fR defined whenever a \fBSUDS\fR file is opened.
.LP
See the introduction to chapter 4 for a detailed discussion of
variable types, etc.
.SH "LIST OF STRUCTURES"
Structures currently defined by the \fBSUDS\fR standard are as
follows:
.br
.nf
.na
.ta 1.1i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.so struct_names.3
.fi
.ad
.SH "PROPERTIES OF THE STRUCTURES"
.nf
.na
.ta 1.5i 2.3i 3.1i 3.9i 4.7i
.so struct_sizes.3
.fi
.ad
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fI4. External Data Representation: Sun Technical Notes and 5. External
Data Representation Standard: Protocol Specification\fR in \fBNetwork
Programming Guide\fR
.LP
st_intro(1), st_intro(2), st_intro(4)
.SH FILES
.LP
/usr/include/suds/suds.h
.LP
/usr/include/suds/suds_mem.h
.LP
/usr/include/suds/suds_str.h
.LP
/usr/include/suds/suds_var.h
.SH AUTHOR
Peter L. Ward, U.S. Geological Survey, Menlo Park, CA 94025
