.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH STRUCTURE_INFO 3 "1 July 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
structure_info \- system information about a SUDS structure
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	INT4	struct_number;
	INT4	struct_length;
	MEMPTR	member_table;
	INT4	num_members;
	FIXED	len_struct_n;
	STRING	struct_name[16];
	FIXED	len_typedef;
	STRING	typedef_name[24];
	FIXED	len_define;
	STRING	define_name[20];
	INT4	data_only_to;
	INT4	db_permission;
	INT4	data_type_off;
	INT4	data_len_off;
	INT4	data_off_off;
	INT4	xdr_struct_len;
	INT2	total_width;
	INT2	short_width;
	INT4	help_ptr;
} SUDS_STRUCTURE_INFO;
.sp 0.5
.fi
#define STRUCTURE_INFOS	201L
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
This structure explains all of the properties of a particular structure
in a manner used by \fBSUDS\fR utility programs. This information is
created automatically from the manual pages by \fBcompile_man(1)\fR and
stored in the file \fBsuds_str.h\fR.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure, i.e. 48.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure_info structure in bytes.  Calculated by 
\fBsize_of\fR for this particular computer at compilation time.
.TP
\fBstruct_number\fI structure number\fR
Define number of the structure described by this instance.
.TP
\fBstruct_length\fI length of structure\fR
Number of bytes in the structure described by this instance. 
Calculated by \fBsize_of\fR for this particular computer at 
compilation time.
.TP
\fBmember_table\fI member table pointer\fR
Pointer to member table for this structure.
.TP
\fBnum_members\fI number of members\fR
Number of members in the member_table.
.TP 
\fBlen_struct_n\fR \fIname length\fR
The maximum space reserved for the member name, i.e. 16. 
Actual string can only contain 15 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBstruct_name \fIname of structure\fR
Name of this structure.
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP 
\fBlen_typedef\fR \fIlength typedef \fR
The maximum space reserved for the typedef name, i.e. 24. 
Actual string can only contain 23 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBtypedef_name \fItypedef name\fR
Typedef name of this structure.
.TP 
\fBlen_define\fR \fIlength of define\fR
The maximum space reserved for the define name, i.e. 20. 
Actual string can only contain 19 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBdefine_name \fIdefine name\fR
Define name of this structure.
.TP
\fBdata_only_to\fI data for struct\fR
This structure is intended only to be used as data following
a structure with struct_number=data_only_to.
.TP
\fBdb_permission\fI database permissions\fR
Default database permissions for all members in this structure. See
\fBmember_info.db_permission\fR (\fBmember_info(3)\fR).  If a default
is not specified in the manual then it is set by the following define
statement to \fBPERMIS\fR = duis_uis_uis_s = 0xf771
.br
#define PERMIS 0xf771
.TP
\fBdata_type_off\fI offset to data type\fR
If this structure is followed by data, this field tells the offset in bytes
from the beginning of the structure to the member that contains the value
of the INT4 data_type. Otherwise this field = NODATL.
.TP
\fBdata_len_off\fI offset to data length\fR
If this structure is followed by data, this field tells the offset in bytes
from the beginning of the structure to the member that contains the value
of the \fBINT4 data_length\fR, i.e. the number of data of unit data_type that 
follow this structure. Otherwise this field = NODATL.
.TP
\fBdata_off_off\fI offset to data length\fR
If this structure is followed by data, this field tells the offset in bytes
from the beginning of the structure to the member that contains the value
of the \fBINT4 data_offset\fR, i.e. offset in a \fBdata_group\fR file to the 
beginning of the \fBstructure_tag\fR before this waveform structure.
.TP
\fBxdr_struct_len\fI structure len in XDR\fR
Length of this structure in XDR (eXternal Data Representation).
For PC-SUDS structures, this is the length of the structure in
the file system, i.e. without FIXED, PAD1, PAD2, and PAD4 members.
.TP
\fBtotal_width\fI total width\fB
Number of ASCII spaces to list whole structure in one line.
Calculated by manual compiler based on \fBwidth_of_field\fR
(See \fBstructure_properties(2)).
.TP
\fBshort_width\fI short width\fB
Number of ASCII spaces to list whole structure less FIXED, PAD1,
PAD2, and PAD4 members in one line.
Calculated by manual compiler based on \fBwidth_of_field\fR
(See \fBstructure_properties(2)).
.TP
\fBhelp_ptr\fI help pointer\fB
Offset in bytes in help file to description of this structure.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
