.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH STRUCTURE_TAG 3 "17 April 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
structure_tag \- tag that identifies the next structure in a stream
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	CHAR	sync_char;
	CODE1	computer_type; 
	INT2	suds_version;
	INT4	struct_number;
	INT4	struct_length; 
	INT4	length_data; 
} SUDS_STRUCTURE_TAG;
.sp 0.5
#define STRUCTURE_TAGS	212L
.sp 0.5
#define ST_MAGIC	'S'
#define LEN_ST_TAG	16
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
All structures written in a stream such as on a disk, tape, and over
the network, must be followed by a \fBstructure_tag\fR. This tag is
used for error detection and to explain what structure follows and how
much data follow the structure.  The \fBstructure_tag\fR is the label
used to identify structures.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBsync_char\fI synchronization char\fR
All \fBstructure_tags\fR must begin with the letter S. When a structure
and any data following the structure are read, the next structure_tag
is also read, and if the first letter is not S, an error is declared.
In this way when a structure is read, the computer knows that it has
been read properly.
.BB
default_value="S", allow_char="S"
.EB
.TP
\fBcomputer_type\fI type of computer\fR
Type of computer this structure was written on: x=xdr compatible
computer such as a SUN-3 or SUN-4 SPARC, v=DEC VAX or similar computer,
i=ibm PC or similar computer.
.BB
codelist=computer_types
.EB
.TP
\fBsuds_version\fI version of suds\fR
Version of suds software times 100. Thus version 2.0 is 200.
.TP
\fBstruct_number\fI structure code number\fR
An integer defining the type of structure that follows. The integers
are defined on the manual pages defining the structures.
.TP
\fBstruct_length\fI length of the structure\fR
The length of the structure in bytes. \fBSUDS\fR allows for future
extension of the lengths of structures. If a structure is read that is
shorter than the version the program currently expects, the additional
members are added to the structure being input and set to default
values.
.TP
\fBlength_data\fI length of data\fR
Length of data in bytes that follows the structure. The type of data is
defined within the structure.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
