.so .suds_man_macros
.TH MOMENT 5 "9 November 1993" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
moment \- information about a moment calculation for an origin of an event
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	REFERS2	solution_id;
	DOMAIN	solution_dc;
	CHAR	constraints;
	CHAR 	spare_code;
	INT2	spare;
	FLOAT4	scalar_moment; 
	FLOAT4	norm_tens1_1;
	FLOAT4	norm_tens1_2;
	FLOAT4	norm_tens1_3;
	FLOAT4	norm_tens2_1;
	FLOAT4	norm_tens2_2;
	FLOAT4	norm_tens3_1;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_MOMENT;
.sp 0.5
#define MOMENTS	27L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Information about a moment calculated for an earthquake.
.BB
permissions="siud_si_s_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBsolution_id\fI solution number\fR
.so .solution.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,solution.solution_id), db_delete=cascade, 
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsolution_dc\fI solution domain\fR
Domain in which solution_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,solution.solution_dc), db_delete=cascade
.EB
.TP
\fBconstraints\fI constraint type\fR
Type of constraints.
.TP
\fBspare_code\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBscalar_moment\fI scalar moment\fR
Scalar value of moment.
.TP
\fBnorm_tens1_1\fI tensor component 1_1\fR
Component of the normalized stress tensor.
.TP
\fBnorm_tens1_2\fI tensor component 1_2\fR
Component of the normalized stress tensor.
.TP
\fBnorm_tens1_3\fI tensor component 1_3\fR
Component of the normalized stress tensor.
.TP
\fBnorm_tens2_1\fI tensor component 2_1\fR
Component of the normalized stress tensor.
.TP
\fBnorm_tens2_2\fI tensor component 2_2\fR
Component of the normalized stress tensor.
.TP
\fBnorm_tens3_1\fI tensor component 3_1\fR
Component of the normalized stress tensor.
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment\fR
.so .comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"

