.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH BEAM_DATA 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
beam_data \- component of a beam of waveforms
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	REFERS2	signal_path_id;
	DOMAIN	signal_path_dc;
	FLOAT4	delay;
	FLOAT4	weight;
} SUDS_BEAM_DATA;
.sp 0.5
#define BEAM_DATAS	318L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
When a \fBwaveform\fR is formed by the addition of several waveforms, a
separate \fBsignal_path\fR structure should be created with at least
\fBcomponent\fR and \fBpath_type\fR members reset and followed by a
number of these structures.  The beam azimuth and dip (a function of
slowness) should be put in the \fBsensor_azimuth\fR and
\fBsensor_dip\fR members. This method also applies to specifying radial
and transverse components formed by summing signals from two horizontal
sensors.
.PP
There is no way to restrict deletion of a \fBsignal_path\fR from a
database simply because it exists in data following a \fBsignal_path or
\fBmux_waveform\fR structure.  Thus it is conceivable to have
\fBsignal_path_ids\fR that are orphans pointing nowhere.  Generally
\fBsignal_path structures\fR should not be deleted from a database.
.BB
data_only=SIGNAL_PATHS
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP 
\fBsignal_path_id\fI signal path id\fR
.so ../man_macros/signal_path.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_id)
.EB
.TP
\fBsignal_path_dc\fI signal path domain\fR
Domain in which signal_path_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_dc)
.EB
.TP
\fBdelay\fI time delay\fR
Time in seconds added to this signal_path waveform before summing to find array.
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBweight\fI weight\fR
Value this signal_path waveform was multiplied by before summing.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
