.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH CALIBRATION 4 "6 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
calibration \- information about a calibration signal
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	calibration_id;
	DOMAIN	calibration_dc;
	REFERS2	waveform_id;
	DOMAIN	waveform_dc;
	MS_TIME	begin_time;
	MS_TIME	end_time;
	FLOAT4	amplitude;
	FLOAT4	frequency;
	CODE1	event_type;
	CODE1	ampl_units;
	CODE1	amplitude_type;
	CODE1	cause;
	CODE1	first_motion;
	CHAR	continuation;
	INT2	number;
	INT4	spare;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_CALIBRATION;
.sp 0.5
#define CALIBRATIONS	320L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
When a \fBwaveform\fR contains the output of a calibration signal, this
structure describes the calibration signal input to the seismometer.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBcalibration_id\fI calibration id\fR
A number that uniquely identifies, within this \fBcalibration_dc\fR, an instance 
of the \fBcalibration\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBcalibration_dc\fI calibration domain\fR
Domain in which calibration_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP 
\fBwaveform_id\fI waveform id\fR
Unique identification number of a waveform input to a system to make this 
calibration.
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,waveform.waveform_id), db_delete=restrict, 
db_must_exist=true, index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBwaveform_dc\fI waveform domain\fR
Domain in which waveform_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,waveform.waveform_dc), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP 
\fBbegin_time\fR \fIBeginning time\fR
GMT time of the beginning of the calibration including all clock corrections.
.TP 
\fBend_time\fR \fIending time\fR
GMT time of the ending of the calibration including all clock corrections.
.TP
\fBamplitude\fI amplitude\fR
Amplitude of calibration signal.
.TP
\fBfrequency\fI frequency\fR
Frequency of the calibration signal in hertz.
.TP
\fBevent_type\fI type of calibration\fR
.BB
codelist=event_types
.EB
.TP
\fBampl_units\fI units of amplitude\fR
Units used for amplitude.
.BB
codelist=units_types
.EB
.TP
\fBamplitude_type\fI type of amplitude\fR
.BB
codelist=amplitude_types
.EB
.TP
\fBcause\fI cause\fR
Manual or automatic.
.BB
codelist=causes
.EB
.TP
\fBfirst_motion\fI first motion\fR
U=up, D=down, +=probable up, -=probable down
.BB
codelist=first_motions
.EB
.TP
\fBcontinuation\fI continuation\fR
If this is a continuation of a previous calibration, set to c.
.TP
\fBnumber\fI number of calibrations\fR
Number of applications of the calibration signal during this session.
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority\fR
.so ../man_macros/authority.descrip
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
