.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH CLOCK_RATE 4 "1 April 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
clock_rate \- rate of change of a clock error
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	clock_rate_id;
	DOMAIN	clock_rate_dc;
	REFERS2	signal_path_id;
	DOMAIN	signal_path_dc;
	MS_TIME	from_correct;
	MS_TIME	thru_correct;
	ST_TIME	from_time;
	ST_TIME	thru_time;
	FLOAT4	drift_rate;
	CHAR	obsolete;  
	CHAR	satellite_hops;  
	CODE1	sync_cd_type;  
	CODE1	program_type;  
	ST_TIME	time_done;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_CLOCK_RATE;
.sp 0.5
#define CLOCK_RATES	130L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Information about the rate that a clock drifts from true Greenwich Mean
Time for a given recorder.  A number of instances of this structure
make a table of clock corrections that are searched to determine the
time correction to be applied at any specific time.  More than one
instance of this structure may apply to a \fBsignal_path\fR at the same
time.  For example a signal_path transmitted through an earth-orbiting
satellite may have one correction for the satellite delay, and another
for the clock at the recorder.  A time tear is represented by two
instances of this structure where the \fBthru_time\R of one equals the
\fBfrom_time\fR of the other.
.PP
Structures that contain time-critical values typically include a time
member and a nominal-time member.  Nominal time is the observed time
without any clock corrections being applied.  Time is the corrected
time.  In this way, if a timing error is discovered at a later date, a
program can recalculate all corrected times based on a new table of
time corrections.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBclock_rate_id\fI clock rate id\fR
Number of the clock correction that is unique within this domain.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBclock_rate_dc\fI clock rate domain\fR
Domain in which clock_rate_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP
\fBsignal_path_id\fI signal path id\fR
.so ../man_macros/signal_path.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_id), db_delete=restrict,
db_must_exist=true, db_index=true, index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsignal_path_dc\fI signal path domain\fR
Domain in which signal_path_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_dc),
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBfrom_correct\fI from time correction\fR
True time minus the clock time in seconds at from_time.
.TP
\fBthru_correct\fI thru time correction\fR
True time minus the clock time in seconds at thru_time.
.TP
\fBfrom_time\fI valid from time\fR
Time this clock correction became valid.
.TP
\fBthru_time\fI valid thru time\fR
Time this clock correction became no longer valid.
.TP
\fBdrift_rate\fI clock drift rate\fR
Drift rate of clock between \fBfrom_time\fR and \fBthru_time\fR.
.TP
\fBobsolete\fI obsolete\fR
If this time clock-rate record has been replaced by another, set this
field to the letter t.  This allows keeping incorrect clock corrections
as an audit trail to help decipher data corrected with a correction
that was later changed.
.TP
\fBsatellite_hops\fI satellite hops\fR
Number of times this signal on a telephone line is transmitted through
an earth-orbiting satellite.  Each hop causes a delay of 0.27 seconds.
If a number is given for this member, then the \fBfrom_correct\fR and
\fBthru_correct\fR should be 0.27 times the number of hops.  This
instance of this structure may be in addition to other instances for a
given \fBsignal_path\fR.  This field is an ASCII character 1 thru 9,
not an integer.
.TP
\fBsync_cd_type\fI syncronization code\fR
Method used to determine time correction used.
.BB
codelist=synchronization_types
.EB
.TP
\fBprogram_type\fI program type\fR
Type of program used.
.BB
codelist=clock_programs
.EB
.TP
\fBtime_done\fI time correction done\fR
Time that this correction was determined.
.TP
\fBauthority\fI pick authority\fR
Who determined this correction.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
