.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH COMMENT 4 "1 April 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
comment \- comment about structure contents
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
	CODE4	data_type;
	INT4	data_length; 
	INT4	struct_number;
	INT4	spare;
} SUDS_COMMENT;
.sp 0.5
#define COMMENTS	120L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Any \fBsuds\fR structure may have a comment structure
associated with it that contains an ASCII string of any length up to 65536
bytes describing the structure or one or more members of the structure.  Only
one comment is available per instance of a structure.  The same comment may
refer to many instances of one type of structure.  Comments must refer to a
specific member of the structure and thus must be prefaced with \fB{name}\fR
where \fBname\fR is the name of the member.  Thus a comment about a \fBpick\fR
structure might be "{signal_2_noise} waveform very irregular, possible
telemetry spikes {onset_type} quite debatable {gain_range} unable to tell if
gain ranged".
.LP
Comments should be written and accessed through the subroutines described in
\fBmake_comment(2)\fR.
.PP
A comment may contain any ASCII characters except \fB{\fR or \fB}\fR which
are reserved for labeling. If either of these characters are included in a comment
string passed to any of the \fBmake_comment(2)\fR routines, they will
be converted to a \fB[\fR or \fB]\fR respectively. If they are put in a comment
by other means, they may confuse the \fBmake_comment(2)\fR routines. 
.PP
There is no required format for the contents of comments. Thus it is
recommended that they only be used for free-form descriptions and NOT
as a place to encode important information to be read by a computer
program.
.BB
permissions="siud_siu_siu_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
A number that uniquely identifies, within this \fBdomain\fR, an instance of 
the \fBcomment\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI uniqueness domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
key=part_primary, codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_type\fI data type\fR
Type of data following this structure. Must be defined as type CHR.
.BB
sets_data_type=true, codelist=data_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_length\fI number of points\fR
Number of chars that follow this structure.  Comments are padded by the subroutines
and by the input/output library to always have a length in storage evenly
divisable by 8.
.BB
sets_data_length=true, default_value=0
.EB
.TP
\fBstruct_number\fI structure number\fR
Number of the structure type this comment is associated with.
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBmake_comment(2)\fR
.SH AUTHOR
Peter L. Ward, U.S. Geological Survey, Menlo Park, CA 94025

