.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH COORDINATE_SYS 4 "1 April 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
coordinate_sys \- information to define a local coordinate system
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	coordinate_id;
	DOMAIN	coordinate_dc;
	FIXED	len_grid_name;
	STRING	grid_name[20];
	FLOAT4	a_trans_coeff;
	FLOAT4	b_trans_coeff;
	FLOAT4	c_trans_coeff;
	FLOAT4	d_trans_coeff;
	FLOAT4	e_trans_coeff;
	FLOAT4	f_trans_coeff;
	CODE1	map_projection;
	CODE1	horizontal_ref;
	CODE1	spheroid;
	CODE1	prime_merid;
	FLOAT4	central_merid;
	FLOAT4	scale_factor;
	FLOAT4	northing;
	FLOAT4	easting;
	FLOAT4	semi_major;
	FLOAT4	flattening;
	FLOAT4	primary_merid;
	FLOAT8	origin_lat;
	FLOAT8	origin_long;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_COORDINATE_SYS;
.sp 0.5
#define COORDINATE_SYSS	326L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
The absolute location and orientation of a local coordinate system is
specified in terms of the complete geodetic coordinates, the map
projection transformation to rectangular coordinates, and the affine
transformation to the local coordinates.  Since the earth's shape is
too irregular to describe locations conveniently and mathematically,
common practice is to assume the earth is a spheroid with a specific
semi_major axis and flattening. Then a map projection is used to
transform this spheroid onto a planar coordinate system. Finally an
affine transformation is used to apply a linear translation in X and Y,
a clockwise rotation, and a scale change.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP 
\fBcoordinate_id\fI coordinate id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBcoordinate_dc\fR, to
an instance of the \fBcoordinate_sys\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBcoordinate_dc\fI coordinate domain\fR
Domain in which coordinate_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP 
\fBlen_grid_name\fR \fIlength signal name\fR
The maximum space reserved for the grid name, i.e. 20. 
Actual string can only contain 19 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP 
\fBgrid_name\fI grid name\fR
Name assigned to this particular local grid.
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP 
\fBa_trans_coeff \fI affine coefficient a\fR
a = scale_change times the cosine of the angle of rotation.
.TP 
\fBb_trans_coeff \fI affine coefficient b\fR
b = minus scale_change times the sine of the angle of rotation.
.TP 
\fBc_trans_coeff \fI affine coefficient c\fR
c = map_projection easting minus bin_grid_X.
.TP 
\fBd_trans_coeff \fI affine coefficient d\fR
d = scale_change times the sine of the angle of rotation.
.TP 
\fBe_trans_coeff \fI affine coefficient e\fR
e = scale_change times cosine of the angle of rotation.
.TP 
\fBf_trans_coeff \fI affine coefficient f\fR
f = map_projection northing minus bin_grid_Y.
.TP
\fBmap_projection\fI map projection\fR
Map projection used.
.BB
codelist=map_projections
.EB
.TP
\fBhorizontal_ref\fI name of horiz. datum\fR
Name of the horizontal reference surface used.
.BB
codelist=horiz_datums
.EB
.TP
\fBspheroid\fI name of spheroid\fR
Spheroid to which coordinates are referenced.
.BB
codelist=spheroids
.EB
.TP
\fBprime_merid\fI prime meridian\fR
Name of a meridian from which longitudes are reckoned. Normally the meridian through Greenwich, England, is defined as the prime meridian.
.BB
codelist=prime_meridians
.EB
.TP
\fBcentral_merid\fI central meridian\fR
Central meridian for this map projection.
.TP
\fBscale_factor\fI projection scale factor\fR
Scale factor for this map projection.
.TP
\fBnorthing\fI projection northing\fR
Northing of origin for this projection.
.TP
\fBeasting\fIprojection easting\fR
Easting of origin for this projection.
.TP
\fBsemi_major\fI semi major axis\fR
Semi-major axis of this spheroid.
.TP
\fBflattening\fI flattening of spheroid\fR
Flattening of this spheroid.
.TP
\fBprimary_merid\fI primary meridian\fR
Primary meridian of this spheroid.
.TP
\fBorigin_lat\fI projection origin lat\fR
Latitude of the origin of this projection.
.TP
\fBorigin_long\fI projection origin long\fR
Longitude of the origin of this projection.
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SH BUGS
