.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH DATA_GROUP 4 "1 April 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
data_group \- information about storage of a collection of waveforms
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	data_group_id;
	DOMAIN	data_group_dc;
	REFERS2	source_id;
	DOMAIN	source_dc;
	MS_TIME	from_time;
	MS_TIME	thru_time;
	CODE1	media_type;
	CODE1	group_type;
	INT2	spare;
	FIXED	len_media_l;
	STRING	media_label[16];
	FIXED	len_media_p;
	STRING	media_path[64];
	INT4	media_block;
	INT4	job_number;
	INT4	line_number;
	INT4	reel_number;
	FIXED	len_online_p;
	STRING	online_path[64];
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_DATA_GROUP;
.sp 0.5
#define DATA_GROUPS	108L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBdata_group\fR identifies a collection of \fBwaveform\fR
structures and their corresponding waveforms, and specifies where this
collection is archived, and (if applicable) its disk location
on-line. For refraction or reflection type data, a \fBdata_group\fR is a
equivalent to a shot_gather.
.PP
In an institution where the majority of event-detected data
is recorded on a single machine, the beginning time of a recorded event
is used as an identifier of a \fBdata_group\fR. \fBwaveform\fR structures and
waveforms from other sources, possibly with differing start times but
covering the same event, may later also be associated with a
\fBdata_group\fR. Normally, only one event is present in the \fBdata_group\fR
collection, but during aftershock sequences and volcanic eruptions, a
single \fBdata_group\fR may contain several events of interest.
.BB
permissions="siu_siu_s_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP 
\fBdata_group_id\fI data group id\fR
.so ../man_macros/data_group.descrip
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_group_dc\fI data group domain\fR
Domain in which data_group_id is unique.
.BB
key=part_primary, codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBsource_id\fI source id\fR
A number that uniquely identifies, within this \fBsource_dc\fR, an 
instance of the \fBsource\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,source.source_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBsource_dc\fI source domain\fR
Domain in which source_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,source.source_dc)
.EB
.TP
\fBfrom_time\fR \fIbeginning time\fR
GMT time of the first sample in
the waveforms including all clock corrections.
.TP
\fBthru_time\fR \fIending time\fR
GMT time of the last sample in the
waveform including all clock corrections.
.TP
\fBmedia_type\fI type of media\fR
Specifies the media on which this data group is archived.
.BB
codelist=media
.EB
.TP
\fBgroup_type\fI data group type\fR
Type of this data_group.
.BB
codelist=data_group_types
.EB
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBlen_media_l\fI length of media label\fR
The maximum space reserved for the label written on the media, i.e. 12. 
Actual string can only contain 11 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBmedia_label\fI media label\fR
Specifies the label written on the optical disk or tape containing the data. 
In other words the name that is physically written on the
paper label stuck to the disk or tape, for example: May-1990.
.TP
\fBlen_media_p\fI len media pathname\fR
The maximum space reserved for the media_path string, i.e. 64. 
Actual string can only contain 63 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBmedia_path\fI pathname on media\fR
Name of the file on the media containing the data.
.BB
ed_col=18
.EB
.TP
\fBmedia_block\fI block on media\fR
Block in which this \fBdata_group\fR occurs on the media.
.TP
\fBjob_number\fI job number\fR
Primarily for reflection/refraction jobs.
.TP
\fBline_number\fI line number\fR
Primarily for reflection/refraction jobs.
.TP
\fBreel_number\fI reel number\fR
Primarily for reflection/refraction jobs.
.TP
\fBlen_online_p\fI len online pathname\fR
The maximum space reserved for the path string, i.e. 64. 
Actual string can only contain 63 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBonline_path\fI pathname online\fR
Specifies where to find the data if it is mounted on the computer or
network. This field may be valid for only a short period of time, while the
data is actively being processed. 
.BB
ed_col=18, index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
