.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH EVENT 4 "1 April 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
event \- information about processing of an event
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	event_id;
	DOMAIN	event_dc; 
	REFERS2	data_group_id;
	DOMAIN	data_group_dc; 
	FIXED	geo_name_len;
	STRING	geographic_name[36];
	FLOAT4	distance;
	FLOAT4	azimuth;
	CODE1	event_type;
	CHAR	local_1_cd;
	CHAR	local_2_cd;
	CHAR	local_3_cd;
	CHAR	local_4_cd;
	CHAR	local_5_cd;
	CHAR	local_6_cd;
	CHAR	local_7_cd;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_EVENT;
.sp 0.5
#define EVENTS	112L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
The event table allows many events to be associated with one data
group, and many solutions to be associated with each event. It also
provides for seven processing or quality control status codes whose
meaning may be defined locally by each institution.
.BB
permissions="siud_siu_s_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP 
\fBevent_id\fI event id\fR
.so ../man_macros/event.descrip
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBevent_dc\fI event domain\fR
Domain in which event_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP 
\fBdata_group_id\fI data group id\fR
.so ../man_macros/data_group.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,data_group.data_group_id), db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true, index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_group_dc\fI data group domain\fR
Domain in which data_group_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,data_group.data_group_dc), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBgeo_name_len\fI \fR
The maximum space reserved for the earthquake name, i.e. 36. 
Actual string can only contain 35 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBgeographic_name\fI \fR
Geographic name of a feature near this event, to which event can be
referenced by distance and azimuth.  e.g. 10 km NE of San Francisco.
.TP
\fBdistance\fI \fR
Distance in kilometers of event from geographic named location.
.TP
\fBazimuth\fI \fR
Azimuth in degrees clockwise from north of event from geographic named 
location.
.TP
\fBevent_type\fI type of event\fR
A character designating the type of event.
.BB
codelist=event_types
.EB
.TP 
\fBlocal_1_cd \fIlocal code 1\fR
Locally defined code for processing status information.
.TP 
\fBlocal_2_cd \fIlocal code 2\fR
Locally defined code for processing status information.
.TP 
\fBlocal_3_cd \fIlocal code 3\fR
Locally defined code for processing status information.
.TP 
\fBlocal_4_cd \fIlocal code 4\fR
Locally defined code for processing status information.
.TP 
\fBlocal_5_cd \fIlocal code 5\fR
Locally defined code for processing status information.
.TP 
\fBlocal_6_cd \fIlocal code 6\fR
Locally defined code for processing status information.
.TP 
\fBlocal_7_cd \fIlocal code 7\fR
Locally defined code for processing status information.
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"

