.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH FOCAL_MECH 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
focal_mech \- information about the focal mechanism and moment for a solution of an event
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	focal_mech_id;
	DOMAIN	focal_mech_dc;
	REFERS2	solution_id;
	DOMAIN	solution_dc;
	MS_TIME	origin_time;
	LATIT	origin_lat;
	LONGIT	origin_long;
	FLOAT4	origin_depth;
	CHAR	prefer_plane; 
	CODE1	mechanism_type;
	CODE1	time_func_type;
	CHAR	spare;
	REFERS2	vel_model_id;
	DOMAIN	vel_model_dc;
	MS_TIME	centroid_time;
	LATIT	centroid_lat;
	LONGIT	centroid_long;
	FLOAT4	centroid_depth;
	FLOAT4	cent_time_err;
	FLOAT4	cent_lat_err;
	FLOAT4	cent_long_err;
	FLOAT4	cent_depth_err;
	FLOAT4	time_func_dur;
	FLOAT4	scalar_moment;
	FLOAT4	scalar_mom_err;
	FLOAT4	moment_magnit;
	FLOAT4	stress_drop;
	FLOAT4	a_strike; 
	FLOAT4	a_strike_err; 
	FLOAT4	a_dip;
	FLOAT4	a_dip_err;
	FLOAT4	a_rake; 
	FLOAT4	a_rake_err; 
	FLOAT4	b_strike; 
	FLOAT4	b_strike_err; 
	FLOAT4	b_dip;
	FLOAT4	b_dip_err;
	FLOAT4	b_rake; 
	FLOAT4	b_rake_err; 
	FLOAT4	moment_xx;
	FLOAT4	moment_yy;
	FLOAT4	moment_zz;
	FLOAT4	moment_xy;
	FLOAT4	moment_xz;
	FLOAT4	moment_yz;
	FLOAT4	eigen_pressure;
	FLOAT4	plunge_pressure;
	FLOAT4	strike_pressure;
	FLOAT4	eigen_null;
	FLOAT4	plunge_null;
	FLOAT4	strike_null;
	FLOAT4	eigen_tension;
	FLOAT4	plunge_tension;
	FLOAT4	strike_tension;
	FLOAT4	percent_dc;
	FLOAT4	percent_clvd;
	FLOAT4	percent_iso;
	INT4	authority;
	ST_TIME	from_time;
	CODE4	data_type;
	INT4	data_length;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_FOCAL_MECH;
.sp 0.5
#define FOCAL_MECHS	116L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Focal mechanism of an earthquake including focal planes, moment, and
stress-axes.  May be followed by structures of type \fBsig_path_data\fR
to list stations used in this moment of focal mechanism.
.BB
permissions="siud_siu_s_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP 
\fBfocal_mech_id\fI focal mechanism id\fR
Unique number of this focal mechanism.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBfocal_mech_dc\fI focal mechanism domain\fR
Domain in which focal_mech_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP 
\fBsolution_id\fI solution id\fR
.so ../man_macros/solution.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,solution.solution_id), db_delete=nullify,
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsolution_dc\fI solution domain\fR
Domain in which solution_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,solution.solution_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP 
\fBorigin_time \fIorigin time\fR
Origin time.  These origin parameters were those used in the solution
refered to by \fBsolution_id\fR.  They are included because often a
moment that is not very sensitive to the starting solution may be
calculated based on a soution that will later be discarded as too
preliminary.  If the \fBsolution_id\fR is defined, parameters from that
structure should be used in preference to the values given in this
structure.
.TP 
\fBorigin_lat\fI origin latitude\fR
Latitude, south is negative.
.TP 
\fBorigin_long\fI origin longitude\fR
Longitude, west is negative.
.TP 
\fBorigin_depth\fI origin depth\fR
Depth of hypocenter in kilometers below the ground surface.
.TP
\fBprefer_plane\fI preferred plane\fR
Preferred slip plane, either a or b.
.BB
allow_char="ab"
.EB
.TP
\fBmechanism_type\fI mechanism type\fR
.BB
codelist=mechanism_types
.EB
.TP
\fBtime_func_type\fI time function type\fR
.BB
codelist=time_func_types
.EB
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP 
\fBvel_model_id\fI velocity model id\fR
Unique identifier of velocity model used to calculate this residual.
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,vel_model.vel_model_id), db_delete=cascade, 
db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBvel_model_dc\fI velocity model domain\fR
Domain in which vel_model_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,vel_model.vel_model_dc), 
db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBcentroid_time\fI centroid time\fR
.TP
\fBcentroid_lat\fI centroid latitude\fR
.TP
\fBcentroid_long\fI centroid longitude\fR
.TP
\fBcentroid_depth\fI centroid depth\fR
.TP
\fBcent_time_err\fI centroid time error\fR
.TP
\fBcent_lat_err\fI centroid latitude error\fR
.TP
\fBcent_long_err\fI centroid longit error\fR
.TP
\fBcent_depth_err\fI centroid depth error\fR
.TP
\fBtime_func_dur\fI time function duration\fR
.TP
\fBscalar_moment\fI scalar moment\fR
.TP
\fBscalar_mom_err\fI scalar moment error\fR
.TP
\fBmoment_magnit\fI moment magnitude\fR
.TP
\fBstress_drop\fI stress drop\fR
.TP
\fBa_strike\fI strike of a plane\fR
Strike of the \fBa\fR plane.
.TP
\fBa_strike_err\fI strike a plane error\fR
Error in strike of the \fBa\fR plane.
.TP
\fBa_dip\fI dip of the a plane\fR
Dip of the \fBa\fR plane.
.TP
\fBa_dip_err\fI dip of the a plane\fR
Dip of the \fBa\fR plane.
.TP
\fBa_rake\fI rake of a plane\fR
Rake of the \fBa\fR plane.
.TP
\fBa_rake_err\fI rake a plane error\fR
Error in rake of the \fBa\fR plane.
.TP
\fBb_strike\fI strike of b plane\fR
Strike of the \fBb\fR plane.
.TP
\fBb_strike_err\fI strike b plane error\fR
Error in strike of the \fBb\fR plane.
.TP
\fBb_dip\fI dip of b plane\fR
Dip of the \fBb\fR plane.
.TP
\fBb_dip_err\fI dip b plane error\fR
Error in dip of the \fBb\fR plane.
.TP
\fBb_rake\fI rake of b plane\fR
Rake of the \fBb\fR plane.
.TP
\fBb_rake_err\fI rake b plane error\fR
Error in rake of the \fBb\fR plane.
.TP
\fBmoment_xx\fI moment xx\fR
.TP
\fBmoment_yy\fI moment yy\fR
.TP
\fBmoment_zz\fI moment zz\fR
.TP
\fBmoment_xy\fI moment xy\fR
.TP
\fBmoment_xz\fI moment xz\fR
.TP
\fBmoment_yz\fI moment yz\fR
.TP
\fBeigen_pressure\fI eigenval pressure axis\fR
.TP
\fBplunge_pressure\fI plunge pressure axis\fR
.TP
\fBstrike_pressure\fI strike pressure axis\fR
.TP
\fBeigen_null\fI eigenvalue null axis\fR
.TP
\fBplunge_null\fI plunge null axis\fR
.TP
\fBstrike_null\fI strike null axis\fR
.TP
\fBeigen_tension\fI eigenvalue tension axis\fR
.TP
\fBplunge_tension\fI plunge tension axis\fR
.TP
\fBstrike_tension\fI strike tension axis\fR
.TP
\fBpercent_dc\fI percent dc\fR
.TP
\fBpercent_clvd\fI percent clvd\fR
.TP
\fBpercent_iso\fI percent iso\fR
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority\fR
.TP
\fBfrom_time\fI time of solution\fR
.TP
\fBdata_type\fI data storage type\fR
.so ../man_macros/data_type.descrip
This structure should be followed by structures of type \fBsig_path_data\fR.
.BB
sets_data_type=true, codelist=data_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_length\fI number of samples\fR
Number of samples of type \fBdata_type\fR in the waveform.
.BB
sets_data_length=true, default_value=0
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(3,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(3,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SH AUTHOR
Peter Ward, U. S. Geological Survey and Lind Gee, University of
California, Berkeley.
