.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH LSA_DETECTION 4 "1 April 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
lsa_detection \- a specific long-term, short-term average event detection
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	detection_id;
	DOMAIN	detection_dc;
	REFERS2	signal_path_id;
	DOMAIN	signal_path_dc;
	REFERS2	lsa_setting_id;
	DOMAIN	lsa_setting_dc;
	MS_TIME	lsa_onset_time; 
	FLOAT4	amplitude;
	FLOAT4	frequency;
	FLOAT4	signal_2_noise;
	FLOAT4	longterm_ave;
	FLOAT4	shortterm_ave;
	FLOAT4	other_ave;
	FLOAT4	level;
	INT2	local_1;
	INT2	local_2;
	INT2	local_3;
	INT2	local_4;
	INT2	local_5;
	INT2	local_6;
	CODE1	event_type;
	CODE1	first_motion;
	INT2	num_detections; 
	AUTHOR	authority;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_LSA_DETECTION;
.sp 0.5
#define LSA_DETECTIONS	125L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Values at the time of a specific lsa_detection in an event detection program using the long-term, short-term average technique.  The
values used to define the lsa_detection are specified in \fBlsa_setting(5)\fR.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP 
\fBdetection_id\fI detection id\fR
.so ../man_macros/solution.descrip
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBdetection_dc\fI detection domain\fR
Domain in which detection_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP 
\fBsignal_path_id\fI signal path id\fR
.so ../man_macros/signal_path.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_id), db_delete=restrict, 
db_must_exist=true, index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsignal_path_dc\fI signal path domain\fR
Domain in which signal_path_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_dc), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP 
\fBlsa_setting_id\fI lsa setting id\fR
A number that uniquely identifies a particular \fBlsa_setting(5)\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,lsa_setting.lsa_setting_id), db_delete=restrict, 
db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBlsa_setting_dc\fI lsa setting domain\fR
Domain in which lsa_setting_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,lsa_setting.lsa_setting_dc), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBlsa_onset_time\fI lsa onset time\fR
Time the lsa_detection was issued.
.TP
\fBamplitude\fI amplitude\fR
Amplitude of the triggering signal.
.TP
\fBfrequency\fI frequency\fR
Frequency in hertz of the triggering signal.
.TP
\fBsignal_2_noise\fI signal to noise\fR
Ratio of signal to noise.
.TP
\fBlongterm_ave\fI longterm average\fR
Long term average at the time of triggering.
.TP
\fBshortterm_ave\fI shortterm average\fR
Short term average at the time of triggering.
.TP
\fBother_ave\fI other average\fR
Other average at the time of triggering, dependent on algorithm.
.TP
\fBlevel\fI level\fR
Level at the time of the trigger.
.TP
\fBlocal_1\fI local const 1\fR
Variable defined for this specific algorithm.
.TP
\fBlocal_2\fI local const 2\fR
Variable defined for this specific algorithm.
.TP
\fBlocal_3\fI local const 3\fR
Variable defined for this specific algorithm.
.TP
\fBlocal_4\fI local const 4\fR
Variable defined for this specific algorithm.
.TP
\fBlocal_5\fI local const 5\fR
Variable defined for this specific algorithm.
.TP
\fBlocal_6\fI local const 6\fR
Variable defined for this specific algorithm.
.TP
\fBevent_type\fI event type\fR
A character designating the type of event.
.BB
codelist=event_types
.EB
.TP
\fBfirst_motion\fI first motion\fR
U=up, D=down, +=probable up, -=probable down
.BB
codelist=first_motions
.EB
.TP
\fBnum_detections\fI number of detections\fR
Number of station_components that triggered.
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority\fR
Which machine made this trigger.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(3,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(3,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
lsa_setting(5)
