.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH MAGNITUDE 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
magnitude \- magnitude calculated for a solution
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	magnitude_id;
	DOMAIN	magnitude_dc;
	REFERS2	solution_id;
	DOMAIN	solution_dc;
	FLOAT4	mag_value;
	FLOAT4	mag_error;
	CODE1	mag_type;
	CHAR	preferred;
	INT2	num_reports;
	INT2	num_used;
	INT2	spare_a;
	FLOAT4	rms_of_mag;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_MAGNITUDE;
.sp 0.5
#define MAGNITUDES	307L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBmagnitude_id\fI magnitude id\fR
A number that uniquely identifies, within this \fBmagnitude_dc\fR, an instance 
of  the \fBmagnitude\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBmagnitude_dc\fI magnitude domain\fR
Domain in which magnitude_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP 
\fBsolution_id\fI solution id\fR
.so ../man_macros/solution.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,solution.solution_id), db_delete=cascade, 
db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsolution_dc\fI solution domain\fR
Domain in which solution_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,solution.solution_dc), 
db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBmag_value\fI value of magnitude\fR
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBmag_error\fI error in magnitude\fR
.TP
\fBmag_type\fI type of magnitude\fR
Type of magnitude.
.BB
codelist=magnitude_types
.EB
.TP
\fBpreferred\fI preferred\fR
If this is the preferred magnitude for this solution, set to the capitol
letter 'P'.
.TP
\fBnum_reports\fI number of reports\fR
Number of readings reported.
.TP
\fBnum_used\fI number used\fR
Number of readings used in the calculation of magnitude.
.TP
\fBspare_a\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBrms_of_mag\fI rms of magnitudes\fR
Root mean square of the individual magnitudes averaged.
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority\fR
.so ../man_macros/authority.descrip
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
