.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH MAP_ELEMENT 4 "27 April 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
map_element \- lines and points to be plotted on a map
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	map_element_id;
	DOMAIN	map_element_dc;
	LATIT	latitude;
	LONGIT	longitude;
	FLOAT4	elevation;
	CODE4	element;
	CODE4	map_source;
	INT4	map_scale;
	FLOAT8	line_value;
	ST_TIME	time_mapped;
	ST_TIME	time_encoded;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	INT2	importance;
	CODE1	compression;
	CODE1	units;
	CODE4	data_type;
	INT4	data_length;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_MAP_ELEMENT;
.sp 0.5
#define MAP_ELEMENTS	312L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Information about lines or points to be plotted on maps.  Virtually anything
that could be plotted on a map could be included in the \fBcode_list 
map_items\fR refered to by the member \fBelement\fR.  The data that 
follows this structure would typically be of type \fBCHAR\fR for a name
or of type \fBmap_data\fR for series of locations such as those specifying
contour lines.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBmap_element_id\fI map element id\fR
A number that uniquely identifies, within this \fBmap_element_dc\fR, an instance 
of  the \fBmap_element\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBmap_element_dc\fI map element domain\fR
Domain in which map_element_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP 
\fBlatitude\fI latitude\fR
Latitude, south is negative.
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP 
\fBlongitude\fI longitude\fR
Longitude, west is negative.
.TP 
\fBelevation\fI elevation\fR
Elevation in kilometers, above sea level is positive.
.TP
\fBelement\fI map element code\fR
What type of line or point these data represent.
.BB
codelist=map_items
.EB
.TP
\fBmap_source\fI map source code\fR
Source of these data.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBmap_scale\fI map scale\fR
Scale of map digitized. If 1:20,000 then set map_scale=20000.
.TP
\fBline_value\fI line value\fR
If this element is a contour line, then this is the value of the contour.
.TP
\fBtime_mapped\fI time mapped\fR
Time this map was made.
.TP
\fBtime_encoded\fI time map digitized\fR
Time this map was digitized.
.TP
\fBauthority\fI who digitized map\fR
Who digitized this map.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBimportance\fI importance\fR
Importance of this feature.
.TP
\fBcompression\fI compression algorithm\fR
Type of algorithm used to compress the data following this structure. NOCHAR
means the data is not compressed.
.BB
codelist=compression_types
.EB
.TP
\fBunits\fI units\fR
Type of units represented by the contour line.
.BB
codelist=units_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_type\fI data type\fR
Type of data that follows this structure.
.BB
sets_data_type=true, codelist=data_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_length\fI number of points\fR
Number of data points of type \fBdata_type\fR that follow
this structure.
.BB
sets_data_length=true, default_value=0
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
