.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH PICK_RESIDUAL 4 "2 March 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
pick_residual \- residual for one pick in a solution and association of the pick with the solution
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	REFERS2	pick_id;
	DOMAIN	pick_dc;
	REFERS2	solution_id;
	DOMAIN	solution_dc;
	REFERS2	vel_model_id;
	DOMAIN	vel_model_dc;
	CODE1	cal_time_qual;
	CODE1	cal_ampl_qual;
	CODE1	mag_type;
	CHAR	omit_from_sol;
	CODE1	weighted_out;
	CHAR	spare;
	INT2	spare_a;
	FLOAT4	pick_magnitude;
	FLOAT4	residual_val;
	FLOAT4	weight_used;
	FLOAT4	site_delay;
	FLOAT4	elevation_delay;
	FLOAT4	azm_2_stat;
	FLOAT4	dist_2_stat;
	FLOAT4	angle_emerg;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_PICK_RESIDUAL;
.sp 0.5
#define PICK_RESIDUALS	111L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBpick_residual\fR structure serves a dual purpose: to associate
picks with solutions (accomplished by the foreign key pair
\fBpick_id\fR and \fBsolution_id\fR), and to store information about
the residual calculated by the location program for the associated
pick.
.BB
permissions="siu_siu_s_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP 
\fBpick_id\fI pick id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBpick_dc\fR, to an
instance of the \fBpick\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, key=part_foreign(1,pick.pick_id), db_delete=cascade,
db_must_exist=true, index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBpick_dc\fI pick domain\fR
Domain in which pick_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary, key=part_foreign(1,pick.pick_dc), 
db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP 
\fBsolution_id\fI solution id\fR
.so ../man_macros/solution.descrip
.BB
key=part_primary, key=part_foreign(2,solution.solution_id), db_delete=cascade, 
db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsolution_dc\fI solution domain\fR
Domain in which solution_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary, key=part_foreign(2,solution.solution_dc), 
db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP 
\fBvel_model_id\fI velocity model id\fR
Unique identifier of velocity model used to calculate this residual.
.BB
key=part_foreign(3,vel_model.vel_model_id), db_delete=cascade, 
db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBvel_model_dc\fI velocity model domain\fR
Domain in which vel_model_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(3,vel_model.vel_model_dc), 
db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBcal_time_qual\fI quality of timing\fR Quality of timing: 0 equals
best, 4 equals worst. Calculated by the location program.
.BB
codelist=timing_qualities
.EB
.TP
\fBcal_ampl_qual\fI quality of amplitude\fR Quality of amplitude: 0
equals best, 4 equals worst. Calculated by the location program.
.BB
codelist=timing_qualities
.EB
.TP
\fBmag_type\fI magnitude code\fR
Type of magnitude calculated.
.BB
codelist=magnitude_types
.EB
.TP
\fBomit_from_sol\fI omit from solution\fR
If this phase was omitted from the solution, this field is set to the 
small letter 'o'.
.BB
allow_char="o"
.EB
.TP
\fBweighted_out\fI reason weighted out\fR
Reason this phase was weighted out of the solution.
.BB
codelist=zero_weights
.EB
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBspare_a\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBpick_magnitude\fI pick magnitude\fR
Magnitude calculated from this pick at this station.
.TP
\fBresidual_val\fI residual value\fR
Residual in seconds defined as the observed arrival time minus the origin
time of the solution minus the calculated traveltime minus the site_delay
minus the elevation delay.
.TP
\fBweight_used\fI weight used\fR
Weight used in the solution.
.TP
\fBsite_delay\fI site delay used\fR
Station delay used in the solution.  Sum of all delays related to this
site except for the elevation delay.
.TP
\fBelevation_delay\fI elevation delay\fR
Elevation delay used in the solution.  Typically elevation of site 
divided by some velocity.
.TP
\fBazm_2_stat\fI azimuth to station\fR
Azimuth from earthquake to station. 0 is north.
.TP
\fBdist_2_stat\fI distance to station\fR
Distance from epicenter to station in kilometers.
.TP
\fBangle_emerg\fI angle of emergence\fR
Angle of emergence of wave from the hypocenter. 0 is vertical.
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(4,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(4,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SH BUGS
Should a magnitude structure be available for each pick_residual?
