.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH PICK 4 "14 April 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
pick \- information about a phase pick or any other picked feature of a waveform
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	pick_id;
	DOMAIN	pick_dc;
	REFERS2	event_id;
	DOMAIN	event_dc;
	REFERS2	waveform_id;
	DOMAIN	waveform_dc;
	FIXED	len_signal_n;
	STRING	signal_name[20];
	MS_TIME	pick_time;
	MS_TIME	nominal_time;
	FLOAT4	error_minus;
	FLOAT4	error_plus;
	FLOAT4	signal_2_noise;
	FLOAT4	spare;
	CODE2	observ_phase;
	CODE1	obs_time_qual;
	CODE1	onset_type;
	CODE1	orig_first_mot;
	CODE1	first_motion;
	CHAR	omit_from_sol;
	CODE1	pick_method;
	CODE1	record_media;
	CODE1	obs_ampl_qual;
	CODE1	amplitude_type;
	CODE1	ampl_units;
	FLOAT4	nom_amplitude;
	FLOAT4	amp_gain_range;
	FLOAT4	media_gain;
	FLOAT4	period;
	FLOAT4	obs_azimuth;
	FLOAT4	obs_slowness;
	FLOAT4	rectilinearity;
	ST_TIME	time_picked;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_PICK;
.sp 0.5
#define PICKS	110L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Basic information about any type of feature picked from a waveform that is
associated with a \fBwaveform\fR structure. Features are listed in the
codelist \fBpick_types\fR and include different seismic phases, types
of amplitude measurements, specification of a time or amplitude window, etc.
.BB
permissions="siud_siud_s_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP 
\fBpick_id\fI pick id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBpick_dc\fR, to an instance of 
the \fBpick\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBpick_dc\fI pick domain\fR
Domain in which pick_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP 
\fBevent_id\fI event id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBevent_dc\fR, to an instance of 
the \fBevent\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,event.event_id), db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBevent_dc\fI event domain\fR
Domain in which event_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,event.event_dc), 
db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBwaveform_id\fI waveform id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBwaveform_dc\fR, to an instance of 
the \fBwaveform\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,waveform.waveform_id), db_delete=nullify,
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBwaveform_dc\fI waveform domain\fR
Domain in which waveform_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,waveform.waveform_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP 
\fBlen_signal_n\fR \fIlength signal name\fR
The maximum space reserved for the signal name, i.e. 20. 
Actual string can only contain 19 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP 
\fBsignal_name\fI signal name\fR
.so ../man_macros/signal_name.descrip
.TP 
\fBpick_time \fI time of pick\fR
Time of pick.
.TP 
\fBnominal_time \fI nominal time of pick\fR
Nominal time of pick.  This is the time based on
\fBwaveform.nominal_time\fR, which is the base time associated with a
waveform before any clock corrections have been applied.  A picking
program should calculate both time and nominal_time.  The reason for
keeping both values is to allow correction of time-code corrections by
always maintaining the uncorrected time and a separate table of
time-code corrections.
.TP
\fBerror_minus\fI pick error minus\fR
Preferred time of pick minus earliest likely time of pick.
Errors in timing have traditionally be represented by
\fBobs_time_qual\fR with a scale from 0 to 4. This member and the
next member allow a more quantitative measure of error in picking.
.TP
\fBerror_plus\fI pick error plus\fR
Latest likely time of pick minus preferred time of pick.
.TP
\fBsignal_2_noise\fI ratio signal to noise\fR
Ratio of signal to noise.  Absolute amplitude of first half cycle after
the pick to the average absolute amplitude of 100 samples of the
waveform prior to any arrivals for this event. 
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBobserv_phase\fI observed phase code\fR
Code for observed phase from \fBpick_types\fR codelist.
.BB
codelist=pick_types
.EB
.TP
\fBobs_time_qual\fI quality of timing\fR
Quality of timing. 0 equals best, 4 equals worst.  This is an estimation
of pick time accuracy made by the picker.
.BB
codelist=timing_qualities
.EB
.TP
\fBonset_type\fI type of onset\fR
e=emersio, i=impulsive.
.BB
codelist=onset_types
.EB
.TP
\fBorig_first_mot\fI original first motion\fR
Original first motion before any correction for polarity.  The reason
for keeping both values is to allow correction of polarity corrections
by always maintaining the uncorrected first motion and a separate table
of polarity corrections.
.BB
codelist=first_motions
.EB
.TP
\fBfirst_motion\fI first motion\fR
U=up, D=down, +=probable up, -=probable down
.BB
codelist=first_motions
.EB
.TP
\fBomit_from_sol\fI omit from solution\fR
To omit this phase from a solution, set to the small letter 'o'.
.BB
allow_char="o"
.EB
.TP
\fBpick_method\fI type of picking method\fR
i=interactive,a=automatic,r=rtp, or user code
.BB
codelist=pick_methods
.EB
.TP
\fBrecord_media\fI recording media\fR
Media on which waveform was analyzed if not in digital form.
.BB
codelist=recording_medias
.EB
.TP
\fBobs_ampl_qual\fI quality of amplitude\fR
Quality of amplitude. 0 equals best, 4 equals worst.  This is an estimation
of amplitude pick accuracy made by the picker.
.BB
codelist=timing_qualities
.EB
.TP
\fBamplitude_type\fI type of amplitude\fR
.BB
codelist=amplitude_types
.EB
.TP
\fBampl_units\fI units of amplitude\fR
Units used for amplitude.
.BB
codelist=units_types
.EB
.TP
\fBnom_amplitude\fI nominal amplitude\fR
Amplitude picked as a signed variable equal to amplitude of later sample
minus amplitude of earlier sample.  The reason for keeping the sign is
to make it possible to redraw amplitude lines on top of a waveform.
.TP
\fBamp_gain_range\fI gain range\fR
Factor by which amplitude should be multiplied to correct for automatic
gain-ranging in the field amplifier.
.TP
\fBmedia_gain\fI media gain\fR
Factor by which amplitude should be multiplied to correct for gain
of the media if not digital.  
.TP
\fBperiod\fI period\fR
Period in seconds of the amplitude picked.  This is the time from peak
to trough times 2.
.TP
\fBobs_azimuth\fI observed azimuth\fR
Azimuth to event source as observed from waveforms.
.TP
\fBobs_slowness\fI observed slowness\fR
Slowness of the waveform travelling by station.
.TP
\fBrectilinearity\fI rectilinearity\fR
Rectilinearity of the waveform.
.TP
\fBtime_picked\fI time pick made\fR
Time this pick was made.
.TP
\fBauthority\fI pick authority\fR
Who made this pick.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(3,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(3,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SH BUGS
Is CUSP coda information taken care of?
