.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH POLARITY 4 "1 April 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
polarity \- evidence for reversed polarity for a signal_path
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	polarity_id;
	DOMAIN	polarity_dc;
	REFERS2	signal_path_id;
	DOMAIN	signal_path_dc;
	CODE1	evidence;
	CODE1	clarity;
	INT2	spare;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	ST_TIME	from_time; 
	ST_TIME	thru_time; 
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_POLARITY;
.sp 0.5
.fi
#define POLARITYS	309L
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBpolarity\fR structure describes evidence that a
\fBsignal_path\fR had a polarity reversal over a specific period of
time. It is assumed that the polarity is correct unless a
\fBpolarity\fR structure exists.
.BB
permissions="s_s_siu_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP 
\fBpolarity_id\fI polarity\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBpolarity_dc\fR, to an
instance of the \fBpolarity\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBpolarity_dc\fI polarity domain\fR
Domain in which polarity_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP 
\fBsignal_path_id\fI signal path number\fR
.so ../man_macros/signal_path.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_id), db_delete=restrict, 
db_must_exist=true, db_index=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsignal_path_dc\fI signal path domain\fR
Domain in which signal_path_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_dc), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBevidence\fI evidence\fR
Evidence for polarity reversal.
.BB
codelist=rev_evidence
.EB
.TP
\fBclarity\fI clarity\fR
Clarity of the evidence for this polarity reversal.
.BB
codelist=clarities
.EB
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority\fR
Who set up this association.
.BB
codelist=authorities, index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBfrom_time\fI valid from time\fR
Time this polarity reversal became valid.
.TP
\fBthru_time\fI valid thru time\fR
Time this polarity reversal became no longer valid.
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
