.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH PROCESSING 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
processing \- a processing command or error message
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	processing_id;
	DOMAIN	processing_dc;
	CODE1	process_type;
	CHAR	spare;
	INT2	spare_a;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	CODE4	data_type;
	INT4	data_length;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_PROCESSING;
.sp 0.5
#define PROCESSINGS	308L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
This structure is followed by an ASCII string containing commands that
would duplicate the processing done on this waveform.  The command
language has not been fully developed.  These could be Unix shell type
commands, but we also would like to have a way that the actions taken within
the SUDS graphical user interface ciould be specified.
.PP
In other words this structure is a proposal, not a full implementation as of this date.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBprocessing_id\fI processing id\fR
A number that uniquely identifies, within this \fBprocessing_dc\fR, an instance 
of the \fBprocessing\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBprocessing_dc\fI processing domain\fR
Domain in which processing_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP
\fBprocess_type\fI type of processing\fR
.BB
codelist=process_types
.EB
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBspare_a\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority\fR
.so ../man_macros/authority.descrip
.BB
codelist=authorities, index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_type\fI data storage type\fR
.so ../man_macros/data_type.descrip
Typically type \fBCHAR\fR.
.BB
sets_data_type=true, codelist=data_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_length\fI number of samples\fR
Number of characters that follow this structure.
.BB
sets_data_length=true, default_value=0
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
