.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH RECORDER_ASS 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
recorder_ass \- associates recorders with signal paths
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	REFERS2	signal_path_id;
	DOMAIN	signal_path_dc;
	REFERS2	recorder_id;
	DOMAIN	recorder_dc;
	REFERS2	site_id;
	DOMAIN	site_dc;
	INT4	spare;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	INT2	pos_in_path;
	INT2	channel_number;
	INT2	rack_slot;
	INT2	mux_order;
	FLOAT4	frequency;
	FLOAT4	attenuation;
	ST_TIME	from_time; 
	ST_TIME	thru_time; 
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_RECORDER_ASS;
.sp 0.5
.fi
#define RECORDER_ASSS	324L
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBrecorder_ass\fR structure associates \fBrecorders\fR with
a \fBsignal_path\fR for a specific period of time. A given
\fBsignal_path\fR may be recorded by one or more computers, analog-tape
systems, etc. 
.BB
permissions="s_s_siu_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP 
\fBsignal_path_id\fI signal path id\fR
.so ../man_macros/signal_path.descrip
.BB
key=part_primary, key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_id), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true, index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsignal_path_dc\fI signal path domain\fR
Domain in which signal_path_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary, key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_dc), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBrecorder_id\fI recorder id\fR
A number that uniquely refers within this \fBrecorder_dc\fR, to an
instance of the \fBrecorder\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, key=part_foreign(2,recorder.recorder_id), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBrecorder_dc\fI component domain\fR
Domain in which recorder_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary, 
key=part_foreign(2,recorder.recorder_dc), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsite_id\fI site id\fR
A number that uniquely refers to an instance of 
the \fBsite\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_foreign(3, site.site_id), db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsite_dc\fI site site domain\fR
Domain in which site_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(3,site.site_dc), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority\fR
Who set up this association.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP 
\fBpos_in_path\fI position in path\fR
.so ../man_macros/pos_in_path.descrip
.TP
\fBchannel_number\fI channel number\fR
Number of the physical channel ("pin number") on which this signal is
recorded.  This is not necessarily the same as the position in the
sampling order, since some systems may sample input channels in
non-sequential order.  On analog systems, this is the tape-head number.
.TP
\fBrack_slot\fI slot in rack\fR
Slot in rack connected to this channel_number.  Rack typically
contains discriminators.
.TP
\fBmux_order\fI multiplexer order\fR
Order that multiplexer samples this station counting from zero.  When
the data exists in a \fBmux_waveform\fR structure, this number is
used by the demultiplexing program to associate a channel of data to a \fBsignal_path_id\fR.
.TP
\fBfrequency\fI frequency\fR
Frequency associated with this particular \fBcomponent\fR and 
\fBsignal_path\fR.
.TP
\fBattenuation\fI attenuation\fR
Attenuation associated with this particular \fBcomponent\fR and 
\fBsignal_path\fR. Negative number means gain.
.TP
\fBfrom_time\fI valid from time\fR
Time this association became valid.
.TP
\fBthru_time\fI valid thru time\fR
Time this association became no longer valid.
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(4,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(4,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
