.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH RECORDER 4 "27 April 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
recorder \- information about a recorder of signals
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	recorder_id;
	DOMAIN	recorder_dc;
	FIXED	len_name;
	STRING	recorder_name[12];
	FIXED	len_serial_n;
	STRING	serial_number[12];
	CODE4	model;
	FLOAT4	speed;
	CODE1	speed_units;
	CODE1	data_units;
	CHAR	spare_a;
	CODE1	recorder_type;
	FLOAT4	conv_2_mvolts;
	FLOAT4	gain; 
	FLOAT4	clip_value;
	FIXED	len_detect_p;
	STRING	name_detect_p[12];
	INT2	ver_detect_p;
	INT2	spare;
	CODE4	storage_type;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_RECORDER;
.sp 0.5
.fi
#define RECORDERS	131L
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Information about a signal recorder (data acquisition hardware 
and software.)
.BB
permissions="s_s_siu_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBrecorder_id\fI recorder id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBrecorder_dc\fR domain code, 
to an instance of 
the \fBrecorder\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBrecorder_dc\fI recorder domain code\fR
Domain in which recorder_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP 
\fBlen_name\fR \fIlength of name\fR
The maximum space reserved for the name of this recorder, i.e. 12. 
Actual string can only contain 11 characters.
.TP 
\fBrecorder_name\fI recorder name\fR
Name of this recorder. 
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP 
\fBlen_serial_n\fR \fIlength serial number\fR
The maximum space reserved for the serial number, i.e. 12. 
Actual string can only contain 11 characters.
.TP 
\fBserial_number\fI serial number\fR
Serial number of the piece of equipment. Should be unique in the 
world for this model.
.TP 
\fBmodel\fI model code\fR
Number that is unique in the world designating the model of this piece 
of equipment. This number is associated with an ASCII string in 
codelist \fBequip_models\fR.
.BB
codelist=equip_models
.EB
.TP
\fBspeed\fI speed of recording\fR
Nominal rate of digitization in samples per second for digital recorders.
Inches per second for analog recorders.
.TP
\fBspeed_units\fI speed units type\fR
.so ../man_macros/data_units.descrip
.BB
codelist=units_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_units\fI data units type\fR
.so ../man_macros/data_units.descrip
.BB
codelist=units_types
.EB
.TP
\fBspare_a\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBrecorder_type\fI recorder type\fR
Recorder type: a=analog j=jade, w=willie-pc, s=sun-cdd, p=pdas
.BB
codelist=recorder_types
.EB
.TP
\fBconv_2_mvolts\fI conv to mvolts\fR
For digital recorders, the conversion factor to millivolts: mv per
digital count.  This number should include the a_2_d_gain. This is the
single number that when multiplied times the digital counts, gives the
millivolts of output of the discriminator, which should be
approximately equal to the output of the seismic amplifier before input
to the VCO.
.br
max_ground_motion=digital_sample*conv_2_mvolts*max_gain
.TP
\fBgain\fI gain of recorder input\fR
Gain of analog to digital converter.
.TP
\fBclip_value\fI clip value\fR
+-value of data where clipping begins in whatever units the data are
in.  This is the value before any DC shift is made in the data.  While
the cause of clipping and the precise value where clipping begins may
vary for each station, this number should be a conservative value that
applies to most stations.  It is used in such subroutines as
\fBdescr_trace\fR(2) to calculate the number of clipped data points.
.TP 
\fBlen_detect_p\fI len detect prog name\fR
Length of string for name of the detection program, 12. True length may only 
be 11 to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBname_detect_p\fI name of detect program\fR
Name of the program detecting earthquakes.
.TP
\fBver_detect_p\fI version detect program\fR
Version of the detection program. 10 means version 1.0
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBstorage_type\fI data type\fR
Type of data generated by this recorder.  Typically 16 bit integer
such as INT2 (variable_info(3)).
.BB
codelist=data_types
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SH BUGS
.LP
What about AtoDs that digitize 0 to +volts rather than -volts to +volts?
