.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH RESPONSE 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
response \- information about the frequency response of a sensor, component, or total system
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	response_id;
	DOMAIN	response_dc;
	FIXED	len_name_resp;
	STRING	name_response[20];
	CODE1	response_type;
	CODE1	input_units;
	CODE1	output_units;
	CHAR	spare_char;
	FLOAT4	maximum_gain; 
	FLOAT4	normalization; 
	FLOAT4	frequency_max; 
	FLOAT4	inp_samp_rate;
	INT2	decim_factor;
	INT2	decim_offset;
	FLOAT4	estim_delay;
	FLOAT4	used_delay;
	ST_TIME	from_time;
	ST_TIME	thru_time;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	INT4	spare;
	CODE4	data_type;
	INT4	data_length;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_RESPONSE;
.sp 0.5
#define RESPONSES	109L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Frequency response information for a particular sensor, channel,
recorder, or total system. The \fBresponse\fR structure is followed by
a number of structures (\fBdata_length\fR) specifying a response curve
of corner frequency and slope (\fBresp_cfs_data\fR), frequency,
amplitude, and phase (\fBresp_fap_data\fR), a finite impulse response
(\fBresp_fir_data\fR), complex poles and zeros (\fBresp_pz_data\fR), a
calibration (\fBresp_sen_data\fR), or sensitivity/gain
(\fBresp_sen_data\fR).  This structure can also be followed by a series
of \fBresponse_id\fRs for this \fBresponse_dc\fR specifying a sequence
of filters in order from that applied first to that applied last.
.BB
permissions="siud_s_siud_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBresponse_id\fI response id\fR
A number that uniquely identifies, within this \fBresponse_dc\fR, an instance 
of  the \fBresponse\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBresponse_dc\fI response domain\fR
Domain in which response_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP 
\fBlen_name_resp\fI len response name\fR
Length of string for response name, 20. True length may only be 19 to 
allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBname_response\fI response name\fR
Name of this response. Typically used if this response applies to a generic 
instrument type.
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBresponse_type\fI type of response\fR
Type of response structure that follows the \fBresponse\fR structure. 
.BB
codelist=response_types
.EB
.TP
\fBinput_units\fI type of input units\fR
Type of data units on input. 
.BB
codelist=units_types
.EB
.TP
\fBoutput_units\fI type of output units\fR
Type of data units on output. 
.BB
codelist=units_types
.EB
.TP
\fBspare_char\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBmaximum_gain\fI maximum gain\fR
Value of the maximum value on the calibration curve. This is the factor by which
the curve values are multiplied to get the total gain.
.TP
\fBnormalization\fI normalization factor\fR
Value by which to multiply the calibration curve to cause the peak gain to be 1. 
In other words this is 1 divided by the peak value of the calibration curve
not including the factor \fBmaximum_gain\fR.
.TP
\fBfrequency_max\fI frequency at max\fR
Frequency at the point of maximum gain on the response curve.
.TP
\fBinp_samp_rate\fI input sample rate\fR
For finite impulse response (FIR) filters, this is the sample rate of the 
input signal.
.TP
\fBdecim_factor\fI decimation factor\fR
For finite impulse response (FIR) filters, this is the amount by which the input
signal is decimated.
.TP
\fBdecim_offset\fI decimation offset\fR
For finite impulse response (FIR) filters, this is which sample is chosen when decimation is used. Count from zero to any number less that the \fBdecim_factor\fR.
.TP
\fBestim_delay\fI estimated delay\fR
For finite impulse response (FIR) filters, this is the estimated time
delay of the system in seconds.
.TP
\fBused_delay\fI delay used\fR
For finite impulse response (FIR) filters, this is the time
delay of the system in seconds that was used.
.TP
\fBfrom_time\fI valid from time\fR
Time this calibration became valid.
.TP
\fBthru_time\fI valid thru time\fR
Time this calibration became no longer valid.
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority\fR
Who specified this response.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBdata_type\fI data type\fR
Type of structure containing response data that follows this structure. This
is the number specified in the define statement for each filter type:
RESP_CFS_DATAS, RESP_FAP_DATAS, RESP_FIR_DATAS, RESP_PZ_DATAS, and
RESP_SEN_DATAS.
.BB
sets_data_type=true, codelist=data_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_length\fI number of points\fR
Number of points in the data curve of type \fBdata_type\fR that follow
this structure.
.BB
sets_data_length=true, default_value=0
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
resp_cfs_data(4), resp_fap_data(4), resp_fir_data(4),
resp_pz_data(4), resp_sen_data(4)
