.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH SEISMOMETER 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
seismometer \- information about a seismometer
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	seismometer_id;
	DOMAIN	seismometer_dc;
	REFERS2	response_id;
	DOMAIN	response_dc;
	CODE4	model;
	FIXED	len_serial_n;
	STRING	serial_number[12];
	FLOAT4	free_frequency;
	FLOAT4	motor_const;
	FLOAT4	eff_mo_const;
	FLOAT4	mass;
	CODE1	seis_type;
	CHAR	pad_type;
	CODE1	component_type;
	CHAR	spare;
	INT2	r_coil;
	INT2	r_crit_damp;
	FLOAT4	eff_damping;
	INT2	r_lpad;
	INT2	r_tpad;
	INT2	r_shunt;
	INT2	r_cal_coil;
	FLOAT4	cal_mo_const;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_SEISMOMETER;
.sp 0.5
.fi
#define SEISMOMETERS	313L
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Information about a seismometer. This structure is
used to record both bookkeeping information (model, serial_number) and
some of the information necessary to calculate a transfer function for
the seismometer itself, according to how the instrument is set up.
.BB
permissions="s_s_siu_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBseismometer_id\fI seismometer id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBseismometer_dc\fR, to an
instance of the \fBseismometer\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBseismometer_dc\fI seismometer domain\fR Domain in which
seismometer_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP
\fBresponse_id\fI response id\fR
A number that uniquely identifies, within this \fBresponse_dc\fR, to an
instance of  the \fBresponse\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,response.response_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBresponse_dc\fI response domain\fR
Domain in which response_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,response.response_dc),
db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBmodel\fI model code\fR
Number that is unique in the world
designating the model of this piece of equipment.
.BB
codelist=equip_models
.EB
.TP
\fBlen_serial_n\fI length serial number\fR
The maximum space reserved for the serial number, i.e. 12. Actual
string can only contain 11 characters.
.TP
\fBserial_number\fI serial number\fR
Serial number of the piece of
equipment. Should be unique in the world for this model.
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBfree_frequency\fI free frequency\fR
The free-frequency in hertz or
the inverse of the free period in seconds of this seismometer.
.TP
\fBmotor_const\fI motor constant\fR
Motor constant of the seismometer coil and magnet. UNITS in MKS??
.TP
\fBeff_mo_const\fI effective motor const\fR
Effective motor constant of the seismometer coil and magnet.
UNITS in MKS??
.TP
\fBmass\fI seismometer mass\fR
Mass of the moving element in kilograms.
.TP
\fBseis_type\fI seismometer type code\fR
Type of seismometer.
.BB
codelist=sensor_types
.EB
.TP
\fBpad_type\fI pad type\fR
L or T resistor pad between seismometer and
amplifier. A designates pad for 24 db attenuation.
.TP
\fBcomponent_type\fI component type code\fR
Type of component.  Vertical, horizontal, or other.
.BB
codelist=components
.EB
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBr_coil\fI coil resistance\fR
Resistance of the seismometer coil in Ohms.
.TP
\fBr_crit_damp\fI crit damp resistance\fR
Critical damping resistance in Ohms.
.TP
\fBeff_damping\fI effective damping\fR
Effective damping of the seismometer.
.TP
\fBr_lpad\fI L pad resistor\fR
Resistance in Ohms of the damping
resistor in series with the seismometer coil and the shunt resistor.
.TP
\fBr_tpad\fI T pad resistor\fR
Resistance in Ohms of the damping
resistor in series with the amplifier and the shunt resistor.
.TP
\fBr_shunt\fI shunt resistor\fR
Resistance in Ohms of the shunt damping resistor.
.TP
\fBr_cal_coil\fI cal coil resistance\fR
Resistance of the calibration coil in Ohms.
.TP
\fBcal_mo_const\fI cal motor constant\fR
Calibration coil motor
constant.
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority\fR
Who specified this information.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc),
db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
