.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH SEISMO_ASS 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
seismo_ass \- associates seismometers with signal paths
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	REFERS2	signal_path_id;
	DOMAIN	signal_path_dc;
	REFERS2	seismometer_id;
	DOMAIN	seismometer_dc;
	REFERS2	site_id;
	DOMAIN	site_dc;
	INT4	spare;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	FLOAT4	frequency;
	FLOAT4	attenuation;
	ST_TIME	from_time; 
	ST_TIME	thru_time; 
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_SEISMO_ASS;
.sp 0.5
.fi
#define SEISMO_ASSS	325L
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fB\fR structure associates a \fBseismometer\fR with
a \fBsignal_path\fR for a specific period of time. A given
\fBsignal_path\fR may be recorded by one or more computers,
analog-tape systems, etc. 
.BB
permissions="s_s_siu_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP 
\fBsignal_path_id\fI signal path id\fR
.so ../man_macros/signal_path.descrip
.BB
key=part_primary, key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_id), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true, index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsignal_path_dc\fI signal path domain\fR
Domain in which signal_path_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary, key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_dc), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBseismometer_id\fI seismometer id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBcomponent_type\fR 
and this \fBseismometer_dc\fR, to an instance of the \fBseismometer\fR 
structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, key=part_foreign(2,seismometer.seismometer_id), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBseismometer_dc\fI component domain\fR
Domain in which seismometer_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary, 
key=part_foreign(2,seismometer.seismometer_dc), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsite_id\fI site id\fR
A number that uniquely refers to an instance of 
the \fBsite\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_foreign(3, site.site_id), db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsite_dc\fI site site domain\fR
Domain in which site_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(3,site.site_dc), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority\fR
Who set up this association.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBfrequency\fI frequency\fR
Frequency associated with this particular \fBcomponent\fR and 
\fBsignal_path\fR.
.TP
\fBattenuation\fI attenuation\fR
Attenuation associated with this particular \fBcomponent\fR and 
\fBsignal_path\fR. Negative number means gain.
.TP
\fBfrom_time\fI valid from time\fR
Time this association became valid.
.TP
\fBthru_time\fI valid thru time\fR
Time this association became no longer valid.
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(4,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(4,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
