.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH SERVICE 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
service \- record of service to a signal_path
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	service_id;
	DOMAIN	service_dc;
	REFERS2	signal_path_id;
	DOMAIN	signal_path_dc;
	ST_TIME	from_time;
	ST_TIME	thru_time;
	CODE4	authority;
	INT4	spare;
	FIXED	len_reasons;
	CODESTR	reasons[20];
	FIXED	len_actions;
	CODESTR	actions[20];
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_SERVICE;
.sp 0.5
#define SERVICES	323L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Description of a service or maintenance visit related to a
signal_path.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBservice_id\fI service identifier\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBservice_dc\fR, to an
instance of the \fBservice\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBservice_dc\fI service domain\fR
Domain in which service_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP
\fBsignal_path_id\fI signal path id\fR
A number that uniquely refers,
within this \fBsignal_path_dc\fR, to a \fBsignal_path\fR where the
equipment that was serviced is physically located.  If, for example,
the repair is to a radio relay, the signal_path name would be different
from the signal_path given as part of \fBsignal_name\fR.
.BB
key=part_foreign(1, signal_path.signal_path_id), db_delete=restrict,
db_must_exist=true, index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsignal_path_dc\fI signal path domain\fR
Domain in which signal_path_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_dc),
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBfrom_time\fI visit began\fR
Time repair was started.
.BB
db_index=true
.EB
.TP
\fBthru_time\fI visit ended\fR
Time repair was completed.
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority\fR
.so ../man_macros/authority.descrip
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use \fR
.TP
\fBlen_reasons\fI length reasons\fR
The maximum space reserved for the reasons, i.e. 20.  Actual string can
only contain 19 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBreasons\fI reasons for visit\fR
A string of characters that refer to the codelist \fBequip_reasons\fR
listing all of the reasons this service was made.
.BB
codelist=equip_reasons
.EB
.TP
\fBlen_actions\fI length actions\fR
The maximum space reserved for the actions, i.e. 20.  Actual string can
only contain 19 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBactions\fI actions taken\fR
A string of characters that refer to the codelist \fBequip_actions\fR
listing all of the actions taken during this service visit.
.BB
codelist=equip_actions
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc),
db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
