.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH SIG_PATH_CMP 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
sig_path_cmp \- information about an individual component in a signal path
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	sig_path_cmp_id;
	DOMAIN	sig_path_cmp_dc;
	REFERS2	response_id;
	DOMAIN	response_dc;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	CODE4	model;
	FIXED	len_serial_n;
	STRING	serial_number[12];
	FLOAT4	maximum_gain;
	CODE1	gain_units;
	CHAR	spare;
	INT2	setting1;
	INT2	setting2;
	INT2	setting3;
	FLOAT4	spare_a;
	FLOAT4	frequency;
	ST_TIME	new_battery;
	CODE4	data_type;
	INT4	data_length;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_SIG_PATH_CMP;
.sp 0.5
.fi
#define SIG_PATH_CMPS	104L
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Information about an individual component in a \fBsig_path\fR.
.BB
permissions="s_s_siu_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBsig_path_cmp_id\fI signal path comp id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBsig_path_cmp_dc\fR, to an instance of 
the \fBsig_path_cmp\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBsig_path_cmp_dc\fI signal path domain\fR
Domain in which sig_path_cmp_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP
\fBresponse_id\fI response id\fR
A number that uniquely identifies, within this \fBresponse_dc\fR, an instance 
of  the \fBresponse\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,response.response_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBresponse_dc\fI response domain\fR
Domain in which response_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,response.response_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority\fR
Who specified this component.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP 
\fBmodel\fI model code\fR
Number that is unique in the world designating the model of this piece of equipment.
This number is associated with an ASCII string in codelist \fBequip_models\fR.
.BB
codelist=equip_models
.EB
.TP 
\fBlen_serial_n\fR \fIlength serial number\fR
The maximum space reserved for the serial number, i.e. 12. 
Actual string can only contain 11 characters.
.TP 
\fBserial_number\fI serial number\fR
Serial number of the piece of equipment. Should be unique in the 
world for this model.
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBmaximum_gain\fI maximum gain\fR
Maximum gain of this component. 
.TP
\fBgain_units\fI gain units code\fR
Units of \fBmaximum gain\fR: d=decibels, p=pure scale multiplier.
.BB
codelist=gain_unit_types
.EB
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBsetting1\fI setting 1\fR
Setting1, which should be attenuation or gain.
.TP
\fBsetting2\fI setting 2\fR
Setting 2, if it exists.
.TP
\fBsetting3\fI setting 3\fR
Setting 3, if it exists.
.TP
\fBspare_a\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBfrequency\fI frequency\fR
Natural frequency or center frequency as appropriate.
.TP
\fBnew_battery\fI date of new battery\fR
Date new battery was installed.
.TP
\fBdata_type\fI data type\fR
Type of structure that follows this structure. Normally SIG_PATH_DATAS.
.BB
sets_data_type=true, codelist=data_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_length\fI number of structures\fR
Number of structures of type \fBsig_path_data\fR that follow
this structure.
.BB
sets_data_length=true, default_value=0
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
sig_path_data(4)
