.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH SIG_PATH_ASS 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
sig_path_ass \- associates signal path components with signal paths
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	REFERS2	signal_path_id;
	DOMAIN	signal_path_dc;
	REFERS2	sig_path_cmp_id;
	DOMAIN	sig_path_cmp_dc;
	REFERS2	site_id;
	DOMAIN	site_dc;
	INT4	spare;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	INT2	pos_in_path;
	INT2	channel_number;
	FLOAT4	frequency;
	FLOAT4	gain;
	FLOAT4	attenuation;
	ST_TIME	from_time; 
	ST_TIME	thru_time; 
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_SIG_PATH_ASS;
.sp 0.5
.fi
#define SIG_PATH_ASSS	316L
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBsig_path_ass\fR structure associates \fBsignal_paths\fR with
components. For each \fBsignal_path\fR, there typically exist several
\fBsig_path_ass\fR structures, each with the same \fBsignal_path_id\fR
but with different \fBsig_path_ass_ids\fR. This is an associative 
table that implements a many-to-many relationship: a \fBsignal_path\fR
has many components and a component can be part of many \fBsignal_paths\fR.
.BB
permissions="s_s_siu_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP 
\fBsignal_path_id\fI signal path id\fR
.so ../man_macros/signal_path.descrip
.BB
key=part_primary, key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_id), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true, index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsignal_path_dc\fI signal path domain\fR
Domain in which signal_path_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary, key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_dc), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsig_path_cmp_id\fI sig path component id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBcomponent_type\fR 
and this \fBsig_path_cmp_dc\fR, to an instance of the \fBcomponent\fR 
structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, key=part_foreign(2,sig_path_cmp.sig_path_cmp_id), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsig_path_cmp_dc\fI component domain\fR
Domain in which sig_path_cmp_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary, 
key=part_foreign(2,sig_path_cmp.sig_path_cmp_dc), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsite_id\fI site id\fR
A number that uniquely refers to an instance of 
the \fBsite\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_foreign(3, site.site_id), db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsite_dc\fI site site domain\fR
Domain in which site_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(3,site.site_dc), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority\fR
Who set up this association.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP 
\fBpos_in_path\fI position in path\fR
.so ../man_macros/pos_in_path.descrip
.TP
\fBchannel_number\fI channel number\fR
Number of the physical channel ("pin number") on which this signal is
recorded.  This is not necessarily the same as the position in the
sampling order, since some systems may sample input channels in
non-sequential order.  On analog systems, this is the tape-head number.
.TP
\fBfrequency\fI frequency\fR
Frequency associated with this particular \fBcomponent\fR and 
\fBsignal_path\fR.
.TP
\fBgain\fI gain\fR
Gain as a scalar quanitity associated with this particular
\fBsig_path_cmp\fR and \fBsignal_path\fR.
.TP
\fBattenuation\fI attenuation\fR
Attenuation associated with this particular \fBcomponent\fR and 
\fBsignal_path\fR. Negative number means gain.
.TP
\fBfrom_time\fI valid from time\fR
Time this association became valid.
.TP
\fBthru_time\fI valid thru time\fR
Time this association became no longer valid.
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(4,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(4,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
