.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH SIGNAL_PATH 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
signal_path \- information about a data path from a single sensor to a recorder
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	signal_path_id;
	DOMAIN	signal_path_dc;
	REFERS2	site_id;
	DOMAIN	site_dc;
	FIXED	len_signal_n;
	STRING	signal_name[20];
	FIXED	len_site_n;
	STRING	site_name[8];
	AUTHOR	network;
	CODE1	component_type;
	CODE1	sensor_type;
	CODE1	band_type;
	CODE1	gain_type;
	CHAR	path_type; 
	CODE1	amp_response;
	INT2	sensor_depth;
	FLOAT4	sensor_azimuth;
	FLOAT4	sensor_dip;
	FLOAT4	time_delay;
	FLOAT4	seismic_delay;
	ST_TIME	from_time;
	ST_TIME	thru_time; 
	CODE4	data_type;
	INT4	data_length;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_SIGNAL_PATH;
.sp 0.5
.fi
#define SIGNAL_PATHS	105L
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBsignal_path\fR structure is the primary link between data
recorded and information about the hardware used to detect, transmit,
and record the data.  This structure contains information about a
signal that is being recorded including the sensor type and sensor
location as well as the path by which the signal is transmitted to the
recorder. There should be at least one \fBsignal_path\fR structure for
each sensor. If a signal from the same sensor is transmitted by several
paths to the same recorder, then a \fBsignal_path\fR structure should
exist for each path. If a signal from the same sensor is recorded on
different recorders, then a \fBsignal_path\fR structure should exist
for each recorder.  Once created, signal_path structures should not be
modified, unless an error is discovered.  If the path between a sensor
and recorder changes, a new signal_path structure should be created,
and the old one left alone so that it accurately describes the
signal_path on which old data was transmitted.
.LP
Signal paths are labeled by the member \fBsignal_name\fR which includes
information about the site site name, the network name, the
\fBcomponent_type\fR (vertical, NS, EW), the \fBsensor_type\fR, the
\fBband_type\fR, the \fBgain_type\fR, and the \fBpath_type\fR.  This is
an extension of the old site names, and would typically be kept the
same as the signal_path changes, as long as the pieces making up the
name remain the same.  In other words, the signal_name is not an
identifier for the signal_path; use signal_path_id for unique
identification.
.PP
When a \fBwaveform\fR is formed by the addition of several waveforms, a
separate \fBsignal_path\fR structure should be created with at least
\fBcomponent\fR and \fBpath_type\fR members reset and followed by a
number of \fBbeam_data\fR structures.  The beam azimuth and dip (a
function of slowness) should be put in the \fBsensor_azimuth\fR and
\fBsensor_dip\fR members. This method also applies to specifying radial
and transverse components formed by summing signals from two horizontal
sensors.
.BB
permissions="s_s_siu_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP 
\fBsignal_path_id\fI signal path id\fR
.so ../man_macros/signal_path.descrip
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBsignal_path_dc\fI signal path domain\fR
Domain in which signal_path_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP
\fBsite_id\fI site id\fR
A number that uniquely refers to an instance of 
the \fBsite\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_foreign(1, site.site_id), db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsite_dc\fI site site domain\fR
Domain in which site_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,site.site_dc), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP 
\fBlen_signal_n\fI length signal name\fR
The maximum space reserved for the signal name, i.e. 20. 
Actual string can only contain 19 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP 
\fBsignal_name\fI signal name\fR
.so ../man_macros/signal_name.descrip
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP 
\fBlen_site_n\fI length site name\fR
The maximum space reserved for the site name, i.e. 8. 
Actual string can only contain 7 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP 
\fBsite_name\fI site name\fR
Name of the site. Must be unique within this network.
The site name is concatenated into the \fBsignal_name.\fR
.TP
\fBnetwork\fI network\fR
The network containing this site. Typically this is an authority
code assigned by the organization that installed and maintains the
physical site.  If a site is part of two or more networks, users may
decide to have only one site structure with the network code for the
primary operator or duplicate site structures for each network with
different network codes.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBcomponent_type\fI component type\fR
Sensor component: v=vertical, e=east-west, n=north-south, o=other (specified by
sensor_azimuth and sensor_dip), etc.
The \fBcomponent_type\fR is concatenated into the \fBsignal_name.\fR
.BB
codelist=components
.EB
.TP
\fBsensor_type\fI sensor type\fR
Type of sensor.  The \fBsensor type\fR is concatenated into the \fBsignal_name.\fR
.BB
codelist=sensor_types
.EB
.TP
\fBband_type\fI bandpass type\fR
Passband and general sampling rate of the sensor and signal_path.
The \fBband_type\fR is concatenated into the \fBsignal_name.\fR
.BB
codelist=band_types
.EB
.TP
\fBgain_type\fI gain type\fR
Gain type for sites with several different outputs at several different gains
from one amplifier or sensor.
.BB
codelist=gain_types
.EB
.TP
\fBpath_type\fI path type\fR
Type of path: a character locally defined for a network to differentiate 
between different signal paths between a specific sensor and a recorder.
If this character is defined, it is concatenated into the \fBsignal_name\fR.
.TP
\fBamp_response\fI amplitude response type\fR
Type of amplitude response: n=normal, g=gain ranged.
.BB
codelist=amplitude_types
.EB
.TP
\fBsensor_depth\fI depth to sensor, meters\fR
If sensor is in a borehole below a site, this is the depth in meters.
.TP
\fBsensor_azimuth\fI seismometer azimuth\fR
Azimuth of sensor in degrees from north.  Set =0 for vertical component.
.TP
\fBsensor_dip\fI seismometer incidence\fR
Angle sensor makes with the horizontal in degrees. Thus for a vertical
seismometer, the dip is 90 and for a horizontal seismometer the
dip is 0.
.TP
\fBtime_delay\fI total time delay\fR
Total time delay of the path.
.TP
\fBseismic_delay\fI seismic delay\fR
A time delay in seconds assigned to this \fBpath\fR based on 
traveltime residuals determined when locating earthquakes. This delay will
be subtracted from arrival times when locating an earthquake.
.TP
\fBfrom_time\fI valid from time\fR
Time this calibration became valid.
.TP
\fBthru_time\fI valid thru time\fR
Time this calibration became no longer valid.
.TP
\fBdata_type\fI data storage type\fR
.so ../man_macros/data_type.descrip
Data should only be BEAM_COMP_DATAS
.BB
sets_data_type=true, codelist=data_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_length\fI number of samples\fR
Number of structures of type \fBdata_type\fR (beam_data(4)) that follow this structure.
.BB
sets_data_length=true, default_value=0
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
make_signal_name(2)
