.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH SIGNIF_EVENT 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
signif_event \- information about a major earthquake that complements the solution
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	REFERS2	event_id;
	DOMAIN	event_dc;
	FIXED	len_eq_name;
	STRING	eq_name[20];
	FIXED	len_country;
	STRING	country[16];
	FIXED	len_state;
	STRING	state[16];
	INT2	local_time;
	INT2	num_felt_rep;
	AUTHOR	felt_authority;
	FLOAT4	event_magnitude;
	AUTHOR	mag_authority;
	AUTHOR	mm_authority;
	INT2	mm_intensity;
	CHAR	event_type;
	CHAR	spare_code;
	CHAR	tectonism;
	CHAR	waterwave;
	CHAR	mechanism;
	CHAR	medium;
	AUTHOR	tect_auth;
	AUTHOR	water_auth;
	AUTHOR	mech_auth;
	AUTHOR	medium_auth;
	FLOAT4	len_aftersh;
	FLOAT4	dip_aftersh;
	FLOAT4	strike_aftersh;
	FLOAT4	peak_accel;
	AUTHOR	accel_auth;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_SIGNIF_EVENT;
.sp 0.5
#define SIGNIF_EVENTS	113L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Information about a significant or major earthquake.  This is
information that is additional to an \fBevent\fR structure that is
typically of interest for very large earthquakes only.
.BB
permissions="siud_s_s_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP 
\fBevent_id\fI event id\fR
.so ../man_macros/event.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,event.event_id), db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true,
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBevent_dc\fI event domain\fR
Domain in which event_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,event.event_dc), 
db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP 
\fBlen_eq_name \fIlength eq name\fR
The maximum space reserved for the earthquake name, i.e. 20. 
Actual string can only contain 19 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP 
\fBeq_name\fI earthquake name\fR
Name of this earthquake.
.TP 
\fBlen_country \fIlength country name\fR
The maximum space reserved for the country name, i.e. 16. 
Actual string can only contain 15 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP 
\fBcountry\fI country name\fR
Name of country earthquake is in or off the coast of.
.TP 
\fBlen_state\fR \fIlength of state name\fR
The maximum space reserved for the state name, i.e. 16. 
Actual string can only contain 15 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP 
\fBstate\fI state name\fR
Name of state containing the earthquake.
.TP
\fBlocal_time\fI local time\fR
Difference of local time minus Greenwich mean time in minutes.
.TP
\fBnum_felt_rep\fI number of felt reports\fR
Number of felt reports.
.TP
\fBfelt_authority\fI felt authority\fR
Who collected the felt reports.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBevent_magnitude\fI event magnitude\fR
Summary magnitude of this event.
.TP
\fBmag_authority\fI magnitude authority\fR
Who calculated the magnitude.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBmm_authority\fI mercali authority\fR
Who determined the Modified Mercalli Intensity.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBmm_intensity\fI mm intensity\fR
The Modified Mercalli Intensity.
.TP
\fBevent_type\fI event type\fR
A character designating the type of event.
.TP
\fBspare_code\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBtectonism\fI tectonism observed\fR
Observed u=uplift, s=subsidence, S=strikeslip faulting, N=normal faulting, 
T=thrust.
.TP
\fBwaterwave\fI waterwave observed\fR
s=seiche, t=tsunami.
.TP
\fBmechanism\fI focal mechanism\fR
t=thrust, s=strike-slip, n=normal, e=explosive.
.TP
\fBmedium\fI medium\fR
Medium around the earthquake or explosion if known.
.TP
\fBtect_auth\fI tectonism authority\fR
Who reported tectonism.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBwater_auth\fI water authority\fR
Who reported water waves.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBmech_auth\fI mechanism authority\fR
Who reported focal mechanism.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBmedium_auth\fI medium authority\fR
Who reported the medium.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBlen_aftersh\fI length aftershocks\fR
Length of aftershock zone in kilometers.
.TP
\fBdip_aftersh\fI dip aftershocks\fR
Dip of aftershock zone in degrees from horizontal.
.TP
\fBstrike_aftersh\fI strike aftershocks\fR
Strike of aftershock zone in degrees clockwise from north.
.TP
\fBpeak_accel\fI peak acceleration\fR
Largest peak acceleration observed by all reliable accelerographs during
this event.
.TP
\fBaccel_auth\fI medium authority\fR
Who reported the peak acceleration.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"

