.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH SITE 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
site \- geographical location and other information about a site containing equipment, source,  etc.
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	site_id;
	DOMAIN	site_dc;
	LATIT	site_lat;
	LONGIT	site_long; 
	FLOAT4	site_elev;
	CODE1	coordinates;
	CODE1	distance_units;
	CODE1	depth_units;
	CODE1	site_type;
	REFERS2	coordinate_id;
	DOMAIN	coordinate_dc;
	FIXED	len_site_n;
	STRING	site_name[8];
	FIXED	len_old_name;
	STRING	old_name[8];
	CODE4	network;
	CODE1	site_precision;
	CODE1	elev_precision;
	CODE1	survey_method;
	CHAR	spare;
	CODE1	status;
	CODE1	region_type;
	INT2	region;
	CODE1	site_cond;
	CODE1	enclosure;
	CODE2	rock_type;
	FIXED	len_site_d;
	STRING	site_descrip[44];
	ST_TIME	from_time;
	ST_TIME	thru_time;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_SITE;
.sp 0.5
.fi
#define SITES	300L
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
A site is a geographical location where sensors, other pieces of
equipment, a seismic source, etc. are located.
.BB
permissions="s_s_siu_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBsite_id\fI site id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBsite_dc\fR, to an instance of 
the \fBsite\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBsite_dc\fI site domain\fR
Domain in which site_id is unique.
.BB
key=part_primary, codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP 
\fBsite_lat\fI site latitude\fR
Latitude, south is negative.  May be north-south coordinate on a local
coordinate system, or distance on a radial coordinate system.
.TP 
\fBsite_long\fI site longitude\fR
Longitude, west is negative.  May be east-west coordinate on a local
coordinate system, or azimuth in degrees on a radial coordinate system.
.TP 
\fBsite_elev\fI site elevation\fR
Elevation in kilometers, above sea level is positive.
.TP
\fBcoordinates\fI coordinate system\fR
.BB
codelist=coordinate_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdistance_units\fI distance units\fR
.BB
codelist=units_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdepth_units\fI depth units\fR
.BB
codelist=units_types
.EB
.TP
\fBsite_type\fI type of site\fR
.BB
codelist=site_types
.EB
.TP
\fBcoordinate_id\fI coordinate id\fR
If coordinates are on a local grid, this points to a coordinate_sys
structure describing the grid in earth coordinates.
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,coordinate_sys.coordinate_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcoordinate_dc\fI coordinate system dc\fR
Domain in which coordinate_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,coordinate_sys.coordinate_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP 
\fBlen_site_n\fR \fIlen site name\fR
The maximum space reserved for the site name, i.e. 8. 
Actual string can only contain 7 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP 
\fBsite_name\fI site name\fR
Name of the site. Must be unique within this network.
The site name is concatenated into the \fBsignal_name.\fR
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP 
\fBlen_old_name\fR \fIlen old site name\fR
The maximum space reserved for the old site name, i.e. 8. 
Actual string can only contain 7 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP 
\fBold_name\fI old site name\fR
Former name of this site.  For use in networks where names have been
changed to protect the innocent. This name acts as a cross-reference to
another \fBsite\fR structure whose \fBsite.thru_time\fR has passed.
.TP
\fBnetwork\fI network\fR
The network containing this site. Typically this is an authority code
assigned by the organization that installed and maintains the physical site.
If a site is part of two or more networks, users may decide to have only
one site structure with the network code for the primary operator or
duplicate site structures for each network with different network codes.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBsite_precision\fI site precision\fR
Precision with which site is located.
.BB
codelist=precision_codes
.EB
.TP
\fBelev_precision\fI elevation precision\fR
Precision with which elevation is determined.
.BB
codelist=precision_codes
.EB
.TP
\fBsurvey_method\fI survey method\fR
Method used to survey location of site.
.BB
codelist=survey_methods
.EB
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBstatus\fI site status\fR
Status of this site.
.BB
codelist=status
.EB
.TP
\fBregion_type\fI type of region\fR
.BB
codelist=region_types
.EB
.TP
\fBregion\fI region in network\fR
Number of the region within this network.  These numbers are assigned by
the authority for this network and apply only within this network.
.TP
\fBsite_cond\fI site condition type\fR
Condition of site: p=permafrost
.BB
codelist=site_conditions
.EB
.TP
\fBenclosure\fI enclosure code\fR
Type of structure that encloses the sensor: d=dam, n=nuclear power plant, 
v=underground vault, b=buried, s=on surface, etc.
.BB
codelist=enclosure_types
.EB
.TP
\fBrock_type\fI rock code\fR
Code for type of rock.
.BB
codelist=rock_types
.EB
.TP 
\fBlen_site_d \fIlength site description\fR
The maximum space reserved for the site description, i.e. 44. 
Actual string can only contain 43 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP 
\fBsite_descrip\fI site description\fR
Description of the site.
.TP
\fBfrom_time\fI beginning time\fR
Time any data first began to be collected from this site.
.BB
db_index=true
.EB
.TP
\fBthru_time\fI ending time\fR
Time last data was collected from this site.
.BB
db_index=true
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"

