.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH SOLUTION 4 "1 April 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
solution \- information about a particular solution of an event
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	solution_id;
	DOMAIN	solution_dc;
	REFERS2	event_id;
	DOMAIN	event_dc;
	ST_TIME	time_sol_done;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	MS_TIME	origin_time;
	LATIT	origin_lat;
	LONGIT	origin_long;
	FLOAT4	origin_depth;
	CODE1	solution_type;
	CODE1	depth_control;
	CODE1	time_control;
	CODE1	epi_control;
	CODE4	region;
	CODE1	region_type;
	CHAR	spare_a;
	CODE1	quality;
	CODE1	hypo_program;
	INT2	hypo_prog_vers;
	CODE1	convergence;
	CODE1	pref_mag_type;
	FLOAT4	pref_magnitude;
	AUTHOR	pref_mag_auth;
	INT4	spare;
	FIXED	len_contr_n;
	STRING	control_name[20];
	INT2	num_iterations;
	INT2	gap_of_stations;
	FLOAT4	rms_of_resids;
	FLOAT4	horiz_error;
	FLOAT4	depth_error;
	FLOAT4	depth_err_up;
	FLOAT4	depth_err_down;
	FLOAT4	dist_near_stat;
	FLOAT4	near_s_p_time;
	FLOAT4	p2s_vel_ratio;
	INT2	num_stat_good;
	INT2	num_p_rep_good;
	INT2	num_p_used;
	INT2	num_s_rep_good;
	INT2	num_s_used;
	INT2	num_resid_disc;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_SOLUTION;
.sp 0.5
#define SOLUTIONS	114L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Information about a particular solution for the hypocenter of an earthquake.
.BB
permissions="siud_siud_s_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP 
\fBsolution_id\fI solution id\fR
.so ../man_macros/solution.descrip
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBsolution_dc\fI solution domain\fR
Domain in which solution_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP 
\fBevent_id\fI event id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBevent_dc\fR, to an instance of 
the \fBevent\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,event.event_id), db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true,
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBevent_dc\fI event domain\fR
Domain in which event_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,event.event_dc), 
db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBtime_sol_done\fI time solution done\fR
Time solution done. 
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority for solution\fR
Who did this solution.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP 
\fBorigin_time \fIorigin time\fR
Origin time.
.TP 
\fBorigin_lat\fI origin latitude\fR
Latitude, south is negative.
.TP 
\fBorigin_long\fI origin longitude\fR
Longitude, west is negative.
.TP 
\fBorigin_depth\fI origin depth\fR
Depth of hypocenter in kilometers below the ground surface.
.TP
\fBsolution_type\fI type of solution\fR
Type of solution such as automatic, catalog or final, preliminary, etc.
.BB
codelist=solution_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdepth_control\fI depth control\fR
Whether depth was held fixed and by what criteria.
.BB
codelist=depth_controls
.EB
.TP
\fBtime_control\fI time control code\fR
Whether time was held fixed and by what criteria.
.BB
codelist=hypo_controls
.EB
.TP
\fBepi_control\fI epicenter control\fR
Whether the epicenter was held fixed and by what criteria.
.BB
codelist=hypo_controls
.EB
.TP
\fBregion\fI region code\fR
Code number of the region containing the earthquake.
.BB
codelist=regions
.EB
.TP
\fBregion_type\fI type of region\fR
Type of region code being used: k=Klein system in California,
f=Flynn-Engdahl region in the world
.BB
codelist=region_types
.EB
.TP
\fBspare_a\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBquality\fI quality of solution\fR
An estimate of quality of the solution. 
0 equals best, 4 equals worst,. or A equals best, D equals worst.  
.BB
codelist=solution_qualities
.EB
.TP
\fBhypo_program\fI location program type\fR
Type of location program used.
.BB
codelist=hypo_programs
.EB
.TP
\fBhypo_prog_vers\fI hypo prog vers type\fR
Version of hypocenter program. 10 means version 1.0
.TP
\fBconvergence\fI convergence type\fR
Type of convergence in the solution.
.BB
codelist=convergences
.EB
.TP
\fBpref_mag_type\fI pref magnitude type\fR
Type of preferred magnitude.
.BB
codelist=magnitude_types
.EB
.TP 
\fBpref_magnitude\fI preferred magnitude\fR
Magnitude preferred for this solution.
.TP
\fBpref_mag_auth\fI authority of pref mag\fR
Authority who determined preferred magnitude.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP 
\fBlen_contr_n\fI len control name\fR
Length of string for control file name, 20. True length may only be 19 to 
allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBcontrol_name\fI control file name\fR
File name of control file for hypocenter program.
.TP
\fBnum_iterations\fI number of iterations\fR
Number of iterations to calculate this solutions.  Gives some
relative indication of rate of convergence.
.TP
\fBgap_of_stations\fI gap of stations\fR
Maximum gap between azimuths to stations in degrees.
.BB
ed_col=62, ed_row=26
.EB
.TP
\fBrms_of_resids\fI rms of residuals\fR
Root mean square of the residuals.
.TP
\fBhoriz_error\fI horizontal error\fR
Horizontal error in kilometers.
.BB
ed_col=62, ed_row=27
.EB
.TP
\fBdepth_error\fI depth error\fR
Depth error in kilometers.
.TP
\fBdepth_err_up\fI depth error up\fR
Possible error in depth in the upward direction in kilometers.
.BB
ed_col=62, ed_row=28
.EB
.TP
\fBdepth_err_down\fI depth error down\fR
Possible error in depth in the downward direction in kilometers.
.TP
\fBdist_near_stat\fI distance nearest stat\fR
Distance from epicenter to the nearest station in kilometers.
.BB
ed_col=62, ed_row=29
.EB
.TP
\fBnear_s_p_time\fI nearest s-p time\fR
Difference in seconds of s arrival time minus p arrival time for the
nearest station.
.TP
\fBp2s_vel_ratio\fI p2s vel ratio\fR
Ratio of P-wave velocity to S-wave velocity.
.BB
ed_col=62, ed_row=30
.EB
.TP
\fBnum_stat_good\fI num stats reporting\fR
Number of stations reporting good p or s phases.
.TP
\fBnum_p_rep_good\fI num good p reported\fR
Number of stations reporting p phases.
.BB
ed_col=62, ed_row=31
.EB
.TP
\fBnum_p_used\fI num p used\fR
Number of p phases used in the solution.
.TP
\fBnum_s_rep_good\fI num good s reported\fR
Number of stations reporting good s phases.
.BB
ed_col=62, ed_row=32
.EB
.TP
\fBnum_s_used\fI num s used\fR
Number of s phases used in the solution.
.TP
\fBnum_resid_disc\fI num residuals discarded\fR
Number of residuals discarded from the solution by the program.
.BB
ed_col=62, ed_row=33
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SH BUGS
.LP
Error in lat, lon, time instead of horizontal error?
