.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH SOLUTION_ERR 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
solution_err \- error for an earthquake solution
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	REFERS2	solution_id;
	DOMAIN	solution_dc;
	FLOAT4	covar_xx;
	FLOAT4	covar_yy;
	FLOAT4	covar_zz;
	FLOAT4	covar_tt;
	FLOAT4	covar_xy;
	FLOAT4	covar_xz;
	FLOAT4	covar_yz;
	FLOAT4	covar_tx;
	FLOAT4	covar_ty;
	FLOAT4	covar_tz;
	FLOAT4	std_error;
	FLOAT4	major_azimuth;
	FLOAT4	major_dip;
	FLOAT4	major_length;
	FLOAT4	inter_azimuth;
	FLOAT4	inter_dip;
	FLOAT4	inter_length;
	FLOAT4	minor_length;
	FLOAT4	depth_error;
	FLOAT4	time_error;
	FLOAT4	confidence;
	FLOAT4	spare;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_SOLUTION_ERR;
.sp 0.5
#define SOLUTION_ERRS	115L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Error of solution express as the covariance matrix.
.BB
permissions="siu_siu_s_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBsolution_id\fI solution id\fR
.so ../man_macros/solution.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,solution.solution_id), db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true, index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsolution_dc\fI solution domain\fR
Domain in which solution_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,solution.solution_dc), 
db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBcovar_xx\fI covariance matrix 1\fR
Covariance matrix. Element 1.
.TP
\fBcovar_yy\fI covariance matrix 2\fR
Covariance matrix. Element 2.
.TP
\fBcovar_zz\fI covariance matrix 3\fR
Covariance matrix. Element 3.
.TP
\fBcovar_tt\fI covariance matrix 4\fR
Covariance matrix. Element 4.
.TP
\fBcovar_xy\fI covariance matrix 5\fR
Covariance matrix. Element 5.
.TP
\fBcovar_xz\fI covariance matrix 6\fR
Covariance matrix. Element 6.
.TP
\fBcovar_yz\fI covariance matrix 7\fR
Covariance matrix. Element 7.
.TP
\fBcovar_tx\fI covariance matrix 8\fR
Covariance matrix. Element 8.
.TP
\fBcovar_ty\fI covariance matrix 9\fR
Covariance matrix. Element 9.
.TP
\fBcovar_tz\fI covariance matrix 10\fR
Covariance matrix. Element 10.
.TP
\fBstd_error\fI standard error\fR
.TP
\fBmajor_azimuth\fI azimuth major axis\fR
Azimuth of the semi-major axis of the error ellipse.
.TP
\fBmajor_dip\fI dip major axis\fR
Dip of the semi-major axis of the error ellipse.
.TP
\fBmajor_length\fI length major axis\fR
Length of the semi-major axis of the error ellipse in kilometers.
.TP
\fBinter_azimuth\fI azimuth inter axis\fR
Azimuth of the intermediate axis of the error ellipse.
.TP
\fBinter_dip\fI dip inter axis\fR
Dip of the intermediate axis of the error ellipse.
.TP
\fBinter_length\fI length inter axis\fR
Length of the intermediate axis of the error ellipse in kilometers.
.TP
\fBminor_length\fI length minor axis\fR
Length of the semi-minor axis of the error ellipse in kilometers.
.TP
\fBdepth_error\fI depth error\fR
.TP
\fBtime_error\fI origin time error\fR
.TP
\fBconfidence\fI confidence\fR
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"

