.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH SOURCE 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
source \- description of a man-made seismic event such as an explosion
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	source_id;
	DOMAIN	source_dc;
	REFERS2	site_id;
	DOMAIN	site_dc;
	FIXED	len_src_name;
	STRING	source_name[12];
	MS_TIME	origin_time;
	MS_TIME	nominal_time;
	FLOAT4	water_depth;
	FLOAT4	yield;
	CODE1	coordinates;
	CODE1	event_type;
	CODE1	sweep_type;
	CODE1	taper_type;
	INT2	begin_freq;
	INT2	end_freq;
	INT2	sweep_length;
	INT2	begin_taper;
	INT2	end_taper;
	INT2	signal_lag;
	FLOAT4	source_static;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_SOURCE;
.sp 0.5
#define SOURCES	321L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Information about a man-made seismic event such as an explosion or
a Vibroseis sweep.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBsource_id\fI source id\fR
A number that uniquely identifies, within this \fBsource_dc\fR, an instance 
of the \fBsource\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered, index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsource_dc\fI source domain\fR
Domain in which source_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP
\fBsite_id\fI site id\fR
A number that uniquely refers to an instance of 
the \fBsite\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_foreign(1, site.site_id), db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsite_dc\fI site site domain\fR
Domain in which site_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,site.site_dc), 
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP 
\fBlen_src_name \fIlength source name\fR
The maximum space reserved for the event name, i.e. 20. 
Actual string can only contain 19 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP 
\fBsource_name\fI event name\fR
Name of this event.
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP 
\fBorigin_time \fIorigin time\fR
Origin time.
.TP
\fBnominal_time\fI nominal origin time\fR
Nominal origin time of the explosion with no time corrections.
.TP 
\fBwater_depth\fI water depth\fR
Depth of water in kilometers below the \fBorigin_elev\fR. If shot is in the
water, \fBorigin_depth\fR is less than \fBwater_depth\fR. Plus is down.
.TP
\fByield\fI source yield\fR
Kilograms of explosive or equivalent for this type of source.
.TP
\fBcoordinates\fI coordinates\fR
Units of the latitude and longitude if not in degrees.
.BB
codelist=units_types
.EB
.TP
\fBevent_type\fI type of event\fR
A character designating the type of event.
.BB
codelist=event_types
.EB
.TP
\fBsweep_type\fI sweep function\fR
Type of sweep.
.BB
codelist=functions
.EB
.TP
\fBtaper_type\fI type of taper\fR
Type of taper applied to the sweep signal.
.BB
codelist=functions
.EB
.TP
\fBbegin_freq\fI frequency begin sweep\fR
For a vibroseis type signal source, beginning frequency in hertz.
.TP
\fBend_freq\fI frequency end sweep\fR
For a vibroseis type signal source, ending frequency in hertz.
.TP
\fBsweep_length\fI sweep length\fR
For a vibroseis type signal source, length of the frequency sweep in milliseconds.
.TP
\fBbegin_taper\fI beginning taper\fR
For a vibroseis type signal source, length of the beginning taper in milliseconds.
.TP
\fBend_taper\fI ending taper\fR
For a vibroseis type signal source, length of the ending taper in milliseconds.
.TP
\fBsignal_lag\fI lag of signal\fR
Amount in degrees that seismic signal lags pilot signal to vibrator.
.TP
\fBsource_static\fI source static\fR
Static time correction at the source.
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority\fR
.so ../man_macros/authority.descrip
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
