.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH SPECTRA 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
spectra \- spectra of a waveform
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	spectra_id;
	DOMAIN	spectra_dc;
	REFERS2	waveform_id;
	DOMAIN	waveform_dc;
	CODE1	spectra_type;
	CODE1	x_units;
	CODE1	y_units;
	CODE1	taper_type;
	FLOAT4	low_taper_from;
	FLOAT4	low_taper_to;
	FLOAT4	high_taper_from;
	FLOAT4	high_taper_to;
	FLOAT4	damping;
	FLOAT4	corner_freq;
	FLOAT4	prec_dig_rate;
	FLOAT4	spare;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	CODE4	data_type;
	INT4	data_length;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_SPECTRA;
.sp 0.5
#define SPECTRAS	301L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
X and Y points along a spectral curve determined from a \fBwaveform\fR.
.BB
permissions="siud_siu_s_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBspectra_id\fI spectra id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBspectra_dc\fR, to an
instance of the \fBspectra\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBspectra_dc\fI spectra domain\fR
Domain in which spectra_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP
\fBwaveform_id\fI waveform id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBwaveform_dc\fR, to an
instance of the \fBwaveform\fR structure and waveform after the
specified filtering has been applied.
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,waveform.waveform_id),
db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true, index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBwaveform_dc\fI waveform domain\fR
Domain in which waveform_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities
key=part_foreign(1,waveform.waveform_dc), db_delete=cascade,
db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBspectra_type\fI spectra type\fR
.BB
codelist=spectra_types
.EB
.TP
\fBx_units\fI x units\fR
Units on x-axis.  Typically seconds.
.BB
codelist=units_types
.EB
.TP
\fBy_units\fI y units\fR
Units on y-axis.
.BB
codelist=units_types
.EB
.TP
\fBtaper_type\fI taper type\fR
Type of taper used at the lower and upper bounds of the window defining
the part of the waveform used to caluculate this spectra.
.BB
codelist=taper_types
.EB
.TP
\fBlow_taper_from\fI low taper from\fR
Lowest period of lower taper.
.TP
\fBlow_taper_to\fI low taper to\fR
Highest period of lower taper.
.TP
\fBhigh_taper_from\fI high taper from\fR
Lowest period of higher taper.
.TP
\fBhigh_taper_to\fI high taper to\fR
Highest period of higher taper.
.TP
\fBdamping\fI damping used\fR
Percent damping used.
.TP
\fBcorner_freq\fI corner frequency\fR
.TP
\fBprec_dig_rate\fI calculated samples/sec\fR
Rate of digitization in samples per second used to calculate the spectra.
This should be less than or equal to the \fBprec_dig_rate\fR given in the
waveform structure used.
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBauthority\fI authority for spectra\fR
Who calculated this spectra.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_type\fI data storage type\fR
.so ../man_macros/data_type.descrip
The data may be of types such as FLOAT4, FLOAT8, etc. and will be in
order of X-Y or period vs spectral-amplitude pairs.  Thus the
data_length equals twice the number of points.
.BB
sets_data_type=true, codelist=data_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_length\fI number of samples\fR
Number of samples of type \fBdata_type\fR in the spectra.
.BB
sets_data_length=true, default_value=0
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"

