.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH SSAM_SETUP 4 "1 April 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
ssam_setup \- parameters to setup Seismic Spectral Amplitude Monitor
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	ssam_setup_id;
	DOMAIN	ssam_setup_dc;
	FLOAT4	nom_dig_rate;
	INT2	num_band_chan; 
	INT2	samp_per_fft;
	CODE4	data_type;
	INT4	data_length;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_SSAM_SETUP;
.sp 0.5
#define SSAM_SETUPS	310L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Setup parameters for the SSAM (Seismic Spectral Amplitude Monitor).
SSAM digitizes data from a sensor at the \fBnom_dig_rate\fR. A fast
fourier transform (fft) is then applied to a series of samples
(\fBsamp_per_fft\fR).  The average absolute spectral amplitude within
each frequency passband is then output following an \fBssam_data\fR.
This \fbssam_setup\fR structure is typically followed by a number of \fBssam_band_data\fR structures.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBssam_setup_id\fI ssam setup id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBssam_setup_dc\fR, to an instance of 
the \fBssam_setup\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBssam_setup_dc\fI ssam setup domain\fR
Domain in which ssam_setup_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP
\fBnom_dig_rate\fI samples per second\fR
Nominal rate of digitization in samples per second.
.TP 
\fBnum_band_chan\fI num bandpass channels\fR
Number of spectral bandpass channels. This structure is followed by 
an \fBssam_passband\fR structure for each channel.
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsamp_per_fft\fI samples per fft\fR
Number of samples over which the fft is performed.
.TP
\fBdata_type\fI data type\fR
Type of structure that follows this structure. Normally SSAM_BAND_DATAS.
.BB
sets_data_type=true, codelist=data_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_length\fI number of points\fR
Number of structures of type \fBssam_band_data\fR that follow
this structure.
.BB
sets_data_length=true, default_value=0
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
ssam_data(4), ssam_band_data(4)
