.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH SSAM_OUTPUT 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
ssam_output \- data from Seismic Spectral Amplitude Monitor
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	REFERS2	ssam_setup_id;
	DOMAIN	ssam_setup_dc;
	INT4	num_band_chan; 
	INT4	spare;
	CODE4	data_type;
	INT4	data_length;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_SSAM_OUTPUT;
.sp 0.5
#define SSAM_OUTPUTS	311L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Data header from the SSAM (Seismic Spectral Amplitude Monitor).  Typically
followed by data of type \fBFLOAT4\fR which is the average absolute spectral 
amplitude within each frequency passband described in the 
\fBssam_band_data\fR following an \fbssam_setup\fR structure.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBssam_setup_id\fI ssam setup id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBssam_setup_dc\fR, to an instance of 
the \fBssam_setup\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,ssam_setup.ssam_setup_id), db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true, index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBssam_setup_dc\fI ssam setup domain\fR
Domain in which ssam_setup_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,ssam_setup.ssam_setup_dc), 
db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP 
\fBnum_band_chan\fI num bandpass channels\fR
Number of FLOAT4 data points following this header structure. Each data point
is the average absolute spectral amplitude within each frequency passband 
specified by a \fBssam_setup\fR. 
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBdata_type\fI data type\fR
Type of data that follows this structure.  Typically of type \fBFLOAT4\fR.
.BB
sets_data_type=true, codelist=data_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_length\fI number of points\fR
Number of structures of type \fBdata_type\fR that follow
this structure.
.BB
sets_data_length=true, default_value=0
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
ssam_band_data(4), ssam_setup(4)

