.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH USER_VARS 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
user_vars \- user defined variables
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	user_vars_id;
	DOMAIN	user_vars_dc;
	REFERS2	waveform_id;
	DOMAIN	waveform_dc;
	INT4	waveform_type;
	INT2	spare;
	CHAR	type_zero;
	CHAR	type_one;
	CHAR	type_two;
	CHAR	type_three;
	CHAR	type_four;
	CHAR	type_five;
	CHAR	type_six;
	CHAR	type_seven;
	CHAR	type_eight;
	CHAR	type_nine;
	FLOAT4	zero;
	FLOAT4	one;
	FLOAT4	two;
	FLOAT4	three;
	FLOAT4	four;
	FLOAT4	five;
	FLOAT4	six;
	FLOAT4	seven;
	FLOAT4	eight;
	FLOAT4	nine;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_USER_VARS;
.sp 0.5
#define USER_VARSS	322L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
A list of 10 variables that can be defined by a user and referenced to
a particular instance of a waveform or any other structure through the
primary key of any other structure type.
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBuser_vars_id\fI user variables id\fR
A number that uniquely identifies, within this \fBuser_vars_dc\fR, an instance 
of the \fBuser_vars\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBuser_vars_dc\fI user variables domain\fR
Domain in which user_vars_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP 
\fBwaveform_id\fI waveform id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBwaveform_dc\fR, to an instance of 
the waveform structure.
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,waveform.waveform_id), 
db_delete=cascade, index_string=true, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBwaveform_dc\fI waveform domain\fR
Domain in which waveform_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,waveform.waveform_dc), 
db_delete=cascade, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBwaveform_type\fI waveform structure\fR
Number of the structure type whose primary key the waveform_id refers to.
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBtype_zero\fI type zero\fR
.TP
\fBtype_one\fI type one\fR
.TP
\fBtype_two\fI type two\fR
.TP
\fBtype_three\fI type three\fR
.TP
\fBtype_four\fI type four\fR
.TP
\fBtype_five\fI type five\fR
.TP
\fBtype_six\fI type six\fR
.TP
\fBtype_seven\fI type seven\fR
.TP
\fBtype_eight\fI type eight\fR
.TP
\fBtype_nine\fI type nine\fR
.TP
\fBzero\fI variable zero\fR
.TP
\fBone\fI variable one\fR
.TP
\fBtwo\fI variable two\fR
.TP
\fBthree\fI variable three\fR
.TP
\fBfour\fI variable four\fR
.TP
\fBfive\fI variable five\fR
.TP
\fBsix\fI variable six\fR
.TP
\fBseven\fI variable seven\fR
.TP
\fBeight\fI variable eight\fR
.TP
\fBnine\fI variable nine\fR
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
