.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH VEL_LAYER_DATA 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
vel_layer_data \- information about a horizontal layer in a crustal velocity model
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FLOAT4	depth_2_top; 
	FLOAT4	p_vel_top; 
	FLOAT4	s_vel_top; 
	FLOAT4	depth_2_base; 
	FLOAT4	p_vel_base;
	FLOAT4	s_vel_base;
	CODE2	vel_function;
	CODE2	dens_function;
	FLOAT4	density;
	FLOAT4	attenuation;
	INT4	spare;
} SUDS_VEL_LAYER_DATA;
.sp 0.5
#define VEL_LAYER_DATAS	119L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Description of a horizontal layer in a crustal velocity model. A number 
(\fBvel_model.data_length\fR) of these structures follow 
the \fBvel_model\fR structure.
.BB
data_only=VEL_MODELS
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBdepth_2_top\fI depth to top\fR
Depth in kilometers to the top of this layer.
.TP
\fBp_vel_top\fI p velocity top\fR
P wave velocity at the top of this layer.
.TP
\fBs_vel_top\fI s velocity _top\fR
S wave velocity at the top of this layer.
.TP
\fBdepth_2_base\fI depth to base\fR
Depth in kilometers to the top of this layer.
.TP
\fBp_vel_base\fI p velocity base\fR
P wave velocity at the base of this layer.
.TP
\fBs_vel_base\fI s velocity base\fR
S wave velocity at the base of this layer.
.TP
\fBvel_function\fI velocity function\fR
Velocity function within this layer, such as linear increase, 
exponential increase, etc.
.BB
codelist=functions
.EB
.TP
\fBdens_function\fI density function\fR
Density function within this layer, such as linear increase, 
exponential increase, etc.
.BB
codelist=functions
.EB
.TP
\fBdensity\fI density\fR
Density at the top of the layer.
.TP
\fBattenuation\fI attenuation\fR
Attenuation of \fBQ\fR of the layer.
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
vel_model(4)
