.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH VEL_MODEL 4 "1 April 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
vel_model \- information about a horizontally flat-layered crustal velocity model
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	vel_model_id;
	DOMAIN	vel_model_dc;
	LATIT	A_latitude;
	LONGIT	A_longitude; 
	LATIT	B_latitude;
	LONGIT	B_longitude; 
	CODE1	model_type; 
	CHAR	spare_char;
	INT2	spare;
	FIXED	len_model_n;
	STRING	model_name[16]; 
	ST_TIME	from_time;
	AUTHOR	authority;
	CODE4	data_type;
	INT4	data_length;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_VEL_MODEL;
.sp 0.5
#define VEL_MODELS	118L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Description of a horizontally flat-layered crustal velocity model. If
this model is based on a profile, then the profile extends from point A
to point B.  If this model applies to a rectangular area, points A and
B are opposite corners of the rectangle (see \fBmodel_type\fR).  This
structure must be followed by a number of \fBvel_layer_data\fR
structures in increasing order of depth and with all layers specified.
.BB
permissions="siu_si_s_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBvel_model_id\fI velocity model id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBvel_model_dc\fR, to an instance of 
the \fBvel_model\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBvel_model_dc\fI velocity model domain\fR
Domain in which vel_model_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP 
\fBA_latitude\fI latitude point A\fR
Latitude of point A, south is negative.
.TP 
\fBA_longitude\fI longitude point A\fR
Longitude of point A, west is negative.
.TP 
\fBB_latitude\fI latitude point B\fR
Latitude of point B, south is negative.
.TP 
\fBB_longitude\fI longitude point B\fR
Longitude of point B, west is negative.
.TP
\fBmodel_type\fI model type\fR
p=profile between points A and B, a=rectangular area with opposite corners at A 
and B.
.BB
codelist=model_types
.EB
.TP
\fBspare_char\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBspare\fI for future use\fR
.TP 
\fBlen_model_n \fIlength model name\fR
The maximum space reserved for the model name, i.e. 16. 
Actual string can only contain 15 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP 
\fBmodel_name\fI model name\fR
Name of this model.
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBfrom_time\fI from time\fR
Time this model was created.
.TP
\fBauthority\fI model authority\fR
Who determined this crustal structure.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_type\fI data type\fR
Type of structure that follows this structure. Normally VEL_LAYER_DATAS.
.BB
sets_data_type=true, codelist=data_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_length\fI number of points\fR
Number of structures of type \fBvel_layer_data\fR that follow
this structure.
.BB
sets_data_length=true, default_value=0
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,comment.comment_dc), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
vel_layer_data(4)
