.so ../man_macros/suds_man_macros
.TH WAVEFORM 4 "14 February 1994" "suds \*v" "SUDS STRUCTURE"
.SH NAME
waveform \- information about a waveform for a single station component
.SH C_SYNOPSIS
.nf
.ta 0.7i +1.4i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i +0.7i
.ft B
typedef struct {
	FIXED	structure_type;
	FIXED	structure_len;
	LABEL	waveform_id;
	DOMAIN	waveform_dc;
	REFERS2	signal_path_id;
	DOMAIN	signal_path_dc;
	REFERS2	mux_waveform_id;
	DOMAIN	mux_waveform_dc;
	REFERS2	data_group_id;
	DOMAIN	data_group_dc;
	REFERS2	calibration_id;
	DOMAIN	calibration_dc;
	FIXED	len_signal_n;
	STRING	signal_name[20];
	MS_TIME	from_time;
	MS_TIME	thru_time;
	MS_TIME	nominal_time;
	INT2	local_time;
	CODE1	resolution;
	CODE1	data_units;
	AUTHOR	digitized_by;
	INT4	spare_a;
	FLOAT4	nom_dig_rate;
	FLOAT4	prec_dig_rate;
	FLOAT4	min_val_data;
	FLOAT4	max_val_data;
	FLOAT4	average_noise;
	FLOAT4	dc_removed;
	INT4	num_pos_clip;
	INT4	num_neg_clip;
	INT2	num_spikes;
	INT2	num_glitches;
	FLOAT4	weight;
	CODE1	time_source;
	CODE1	gain_ranged;
	CODE1	signal_type;
	CODE1	filter_code;
	CODE1	compression;
	CODE1	time_status;
	CHAR	spare_b;
	CHAR	spare_c;
	INT4	file_offset;
	CODE4	data_type;
	INT4	data_length;
	REFERS2	processing_id;
	DOMAIN	processing_dc;
	REFERS2	comment_id;
	DOMAIN	comment_dc;
} SUDS_WAVEFORM;
.sp 0.5
#define WAVEFORMS	107L
.fi
.ft R
.SH DESCRIPTION
Descriptive information about a seismic waveform. Normally followed by
the waveform.  The waveform is an array of numbers of binary storage
type \fBdata_type\fR in units of \fBdata_units\fR and length
sizeof(data_type) times \fBdata_length\fR.
.BB
permissions="siud_siu_s_s"
.EB
.SH MEMBERS
.TP
\fBstructure_type\fI structure type\fR
Define number of this type of structure.
.TP
\fBstructure_len\fI structure length\fR
Length of this structure in bytes.
.TP
\fBwaveform_id\fI waveform id\fR
A number that uniquely refers, within this \fBwaveform_dc\fR, to an
instance of the \fBwaveform\fR structure.
.BB
key=part_primary, db_index=clustered
.EB
.TP
\fBwaveform_dc\fI waveform domain\fR
Domain in which waveform_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_primary
.EB
.TP
\fBsignal_path_id\fI signal path id\fR
.so ../man_macros/signal_path.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_id), db_delete=restrict,
db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBsignal_path_dc\fI signal path domain\fR
Domain in which signal_path_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(1,signal_path.signal_path_dc),
db_delete=restrict, db_must_exist=true
.EB
.TP
\fBmux_waveform_id\fI mux data id\fR
.so ../man_macros/mux_waveform.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(2,mux_waveform.mux_waveform_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBmux_waveform_dc\fI mux waveform domain\fR
Domain in which mux_waveform_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(2,mux_waveform.mux_waveform_dc),
db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_group_id\fI data group id\fR
.so ../man_macros/data_group.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(3,data_group.data_group_id), db_delete=cascade
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_group_dc\fI data group domain\fR
Domain in which data_group_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(3,data_group.data_group_dc),
db_delete=cascade
.EB
.TP
\fBcalibration_id\fI calibration id\fR
Key to description of a calibration signal contained in this waveform.
.BB
key=part_foreign(4,calibration.calibration_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcalibration_dc\fI calibration domain\fR
Domain in which calibration_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(4,calibration.calibration_dc)
.EB
.TP
\fBlen_signal_n\fR \fIlen signal name\fR
The maximum space reserved for the signal name, i.e. 20.  Actual string
can only contain 19 characters to allow for the NULL byte.
.TP
\fBsignal_name\fI signal name\fR
.so ../man_macros/signal_name.descrip
.BB
index_string=true
.EB
.TP
\fBfrom_time\fR \fIbeginning time\fR
GMT time of the first sample in the waveform including all clock 
corrections.
.TP
\fBthru_time\fR \fIending time\fR
GMT time of the last sample in the waveform including all clock 
corrections.
.TP
\fBnominal_time\fI nominal time\fR
GMT time of the first sample in the waveform without any clock
corrections. This value is set when the time code is associated with
the waveform usually in the demultiplexing program and should never be
changed. The reason for keeping this time is to allow checking and
changing all time corrections applied to it.
.TP
\fBlocal_time\fI local time\fR
Minutes to add to GMT to get local time.
.TP
\fBresolution\fI bits of resolution\fR
Number of bits of resolution of the waveform when it is originally 
digitized.
.BB
codelist=resolutions
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_units\fI data units type\fR
.so ../man_macros/data_units.descrip
.BB
codelist=units_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdigitized_by\fI digitized by\fR
Group or person collecting this data.
.BB
codelist=authorities
.EB
.TP
\fBspare_a\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBnom_dig_rate\fI samples per second\fR
Nominal rate of digitization in samples per second.
.TP
\fBprec_dig_rate\fI calculated samples/sec\fR
Calculated rate of digitization in samples per second.
.TP
\fBmin_val_data\fI minimum value\fR
Smallest data value in the waveform (datatype s,l,f only).
.TP
\fBmax_val_data\fI maximum value\fR
Largest data value in the waveform (datatype s,l,f only).
.TP
\fBaverage_noise\fI average noise\fR
Average value of the first 200 samples of the waveform
(datatype s,l,f only).
.TP
\fBdc_removed\fI dc removed\fR
DC offset that has been removed from the data.
.TP
\fBnum_pos_clip\fI num + clipped samples\fR
.TP
\fBnum_neg_clip\fI num - clipped samples\fR
.TP
\fBnum_spikes\fI number of spikes\fR
.TP
\fBnum_glitches\fI number of glitches\fR
.TP
\fBweight\fI weight\fR
Weight used to sum this waveform.
.TP
\fBtime_source\fI source of time\fR
i=IRIG local clock, I=IRIG radio time, s=IRIG satellite time, S=BCD
encoded on waveform satellite time, l=local clock, r=WWV, WWVH, b=WWVB,
o=other.
.BB
codelist=time_codes
.EB
.TP
\fBgain_ranged\fI gain ranging\fR
g=waveform may include gain ranging changes, c=gain ranging has been
corrected for, and NOCHAR=gain ranging is never used for this
component.
.BB
codelist=amplitude_types
.EB
.TP
\fBsignal_type\fI type of signal\fR
Type of triggered signal or 'C' for continuous data.
.BB
codelist=event_types
.EB
.TP
\fBfilter_code\fI filter code\fR
Indicates that waveform has been filtered or decimated since creation
and implies the existence of one or more \fBfilter\fR structures
associating the appropriate \fBresponse\fR structures that specify the
filter response.  f=filtered
.BB
codelist=filter_types
.EB
.TP
\fBcompression\fI compression algorithm\fR
Type of algorithm used to compress the data following this structure.
NOCHAR means the data is not compressed.
.BB
codelist=compression_types
.EB
.TP
\fBtime_status\fI time correction status\fR
Status of the time correction. Time corrections are typically not a
problem now, but when they are, a description of what corrections have
been applied should be put in the comment associated with this
structure.
.BB
codelist=time_corrects
.EB
.TP
\fBspare_b\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBspare_c\fI for future use\fR
.TP
\fBfile_offset\fI offset in file\fR
Number of bytes from beginning of file to the beginning of the
\fBstructure_tag\fR announcing this instance of this structure.  This
offset is for use in indexing waveform files and will be valid only in
limited circumstances.  In most implementations of databases for
\fBSUDS\fR, the \fBwaveform\fR structures will be stored in the
database without the data and the \fBwaveform\fR structures and data
will be stored in files often located on read-only mass storage
systems.  The file name and path are based on the \fBdata_group_id\fR
and \fBdata_group_dc\fR and the location in the file is this offset.
Thus the database software is able to access the waveform directly and
return it to the user as if it existed within the database.
.BB
sets_data_offset=true
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_type\fI data storage type\fR
.so ../man_macros/data_type.descrip
.BB
sets_data_type=true, codelist=data_types
.EB
.TP
\fBdata_length\fI number of samples\fR
Number of samples of type \fBdata_type\fR in the waveform.
.BB
sets_data_length=true, default_value=0
.EB
.TP
\fBprocessing_id\fI processing id\fR
.BB
key=part_foreign(5,processing.processing_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBprocessing_dc\fI processing domain\fR
Domain in which processing_id is unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(5,processing.processing_dc),
db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_id\fI comment id\fR
.so ../man_macros/comment_id.descrip
.BB
key=part_foreign(6,comment.comment_id), db_delete=nullify
.EB
.TP
\fBcomment_dc\fI comment domain\fR
Domain in which comment_id is
unique.
.BB
codelist=authorities, key=part_foreign(6,comment.comment_dc),
db_delete=nullify
.EB
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SH BUGS
.LP
Detector uptime?
.LP
Flag for triggered on?
